Prologue
Preparing the Perfect Stage!
I honestly can't remember what catalyzed this desire. All I know is
I've admired shadowbrokers for as long as I can remember.
Was it a certain anime? Or was it a manga—or a movie? Eh, I guess it
doesn't matter. I was all in for anything that featured a mastermind,
or an eminence in shadow as I like to call them. These characters
were never the protagonists or final bosses but were relegated to a
role behind the scenes where they flaunted their powers and
meddled in the affairs of others. I've always looked up to the men in
the shadows. I wanted to be one of them.
Think of children who worship their favorite superheroes. That was
me but with master puppeteers.
Well, there was one thing that set us apart: My reverence for them
wasn't short-lived. In fact, it buried itself deeper in my heart, never
dying out and always guiding me through life. To become stronger, I
learned everything from karate to boxing, from swordplay to mixed
martial arts. I hammed it up during all my practices, concealing my
true power from the world and preparing for the fated day.
At school, I played the part of being pleasantly mediocre, an
unassuming face in the crowd. Like an NPC in a game or a part of the
mob. I didn't do any harm. But behind this facade of normalcy, I was
training full throttle. That's how I spent my entire youth.
But as time passed, an uneasy feeling started to haunt me: I was due
for a reality check.
Yeah, that's right.
This was all for nothing.
Page | 18
I realized I'd never become as powerful as shadow commanders in
the stories. It didn't matter how hard I trained in martial arts. Sure, I
could clobber a few punks...but that was it. It'd be a tough fight if
anyone drew a gun, and if I was surrounded by soldiers in full gear,
I'd be toast, donezo, old news.
The idea of a shadowbroker getting curb stomped by some soldiers...
Ha! Ridiculous! Let's say I trained for ten more years—or that I
became the greatest martial artist in the world. I'd still get rekt by a
gang of commandos.
Or maybe I'd manage to escape by the skin of my teeth or train hard
enough to fight back. It's all in the realm of possibility. But even if I
somehow managed to do that, these guys could set off a nuke and
vaporize me in an instant. There is a limit to the human body. That
much I know.
That said, my master puppeteers would never be taken down by a
nuke. Which means I needed to be impervious to them, too.
What does one need to survive a nuclear attack?
Is it the ability to pack a punch?
Could it be a body of steel?
How about unlimited stamina?
Wrong, wrong, and wrong again. You need a totally different kind of
power.
Some call it magic. Others, mana. Or chi, or aura, or...you get the
point. Anything will do. I needed to obtain this clandestine ability. I'd
managed to reach this conclusion when I finally confronted reality
head-on.
I'll try to explain. Let's say someone is on a quest for magical powers.
Anyone would think they're nuts. Hell, I know I would. I'd think
they'd gone bonkers.
Page | 19
But consider this: No one in the world has proved that magic exists—
or disproved it.
I couldn't find these powers with my sanity intact. I had to dive to
the depths of lunacy.
I started training in a new way that was damn near impossible.
After all, no one knows how to acquire magic, mana, chi, auras, or
what have you.
I practiced Zen meditation; I braved the purification ceremony of
standing under waterfalls; I focused my entire being inward; I fasted;
I mastered the art of yoga; I converted religions; I searched for holy
spirits; I prayed to god; I strapped myself to a cross. There was no
right answer, which meant I groped my way through the darkness
and sprinted down my chosen path.
Which brings us here. I'm just about ready to start my final summer
as a high schooler, and I've yet to discover magic or mana or chi or
auras...
It is already dark by the time I finish my daily training session.
I pick up and put on my underwear, which I'd chucked to the side,
and wiggle my arms through the sleeves of my school uniform. I have
yet to pick up these secret magical skills, but I've been starting to feel
the effects of my training, I think, of late.
Like right now.
I can see flashing lights going off in my mind and sense the world is
spinning.
Page | 20
It could be magic...or auras... In either case, I'm feeling its effects—
that's for sure. I'm proud to announce that I've completed another
successful session.
When I'm in the thick of it, I rip off every single article of clothing and
get buck naked in the forest. It makes me one with the universe. I
bash my skull into the trunk of a giant tree to physically force out my
worldly thoughts. Plus, it stimulates my brain and urges my latent
powers to awaken.
You know, I'm all about logic when it comes to these things.
Yeah, everything's beginning to get all blurry right about now. It's a
sensation comparable to giving myself a concussion. I make my way
out of the forest with the lightest of footsteps, feeling like I'm
treading on clouds.
Just then, I see light—two beams floating in the air and slicing
through space. How strange. They're beckoning me, guiding me
somewhere.
"Ma-magic...?" I whisper, tiptoeing toward the illumination.
It must be... It's gotta be! I finally found the powers of the unknown!
I notice that I've gone from walking to sprinting, tripping over the
roots of trees and continuing to stagger forward—on and on like a
beast in the forest.
"Magic! Magic! Magic! MAGIC, MAGIC, MAGIC!!!!!" I chant,
bounding toward the lights and ready to snatch them out of midair...
"Hmm...?"
As a pair of headlights flood my vision with a blinding whiteness, I
hear the shrill whine of a sudden brake ringing and ringing.
And then a collision. Its impact pierces through my body... And my
magic...
Page | 21
In conclusion, I was able to find magical powers.
When I open my eyes, I sense that I'm surrounded by its energy,
though I gotta admit it looks different from the two lights. Eh, no
biggie.
Oh, and one other small detail: As a side effect, I manage to
reincarnate. I bet I opened a door to another world when I found
magic or something. Whatever.
As for right now, I'm a baby boy, a few months old. I only recently
started forming thoughts, but it's still hard for me to guess how
much time has elapsed at any given moment. Plus, I don't know any
words, but I guess it's plenty to recognize that this civilization is more
or less the same as Europe in the Middle Ages.
But none of that's important. I've acquired magical powers. That's
the end-all be-all. I couldn't care less about how it happened or any
bonus features.
I notice magic as soon as I start displaying glimmers of
consciousness. All around me, I can see minuscule grains of light
floating and shimmering. It reminds me of those times in my past life
when I frolicked through a field of flowers stark naked—to train and
find spirits, obviously.
As it turns out, my training wasn't a total waste after all. I mean, my
ability to detect this energy is proof enough, and I can control it as
easily as my limbs. It's comparable to when I strapped my naked
body to a cross, a nod to Jesus...or maybe when I flip-flopped
religions and danced around in prayer in my birthday suit... I bet
Page | 22
every little thing in my training sessions helped me in the long run.
It's already taught me that I can get stronger.
Plus, time is of no consequence for a baby. I'm ready to use these
years to train and become an eminence in shadow, once and for all...
Oops, I think I've made a doodie.
Which reminds me. I heard somewhere that birds let their droppings
dribble out involuntarily, and I think human babies are the same. I
can fight the good fight with logic and reasoning, but it feels as
though my instincts take over, whispering Just do it in my ear.
That said, this is me we're talking about. I spent my waking hours
training in my past life. Pooling together all the strength in my body, I
tighten my sphincter, buying me some time...
"Wwwaaaahhhhh!"
...to summon people.
I think it's been ten years.
You know, magic is something else. It means I can surpass the bodily
limitations of humans: lift ginormous boulders with a single finger,
dash twice as fast as a horse, leap higher than a house.
That said, I'm no match for nukes. Well, I know my defenses will
increase with my magical capacity, but have you seen the firepower
of those weapons on Earth? There was a time when I contemplated
forgetting about them entirely, 'cause we don't have nukes in this
world.
But what good is a master puppeteer who settles for less?
No good. Not at all.
Page | 23
That means my next mission is to become strong enough to beat
weapons of mass destruction. After extensive research and training, I
found one potential solution, which I've been incorporating into my
daily experiments.
Oh yeah. And it seems I've been born into a noble family. For
generations, members of this family have trained to become dark
knights, who use magic to power up and slay enemies in battle. And
as my family's rising star of a son (...NOT), I'm living my days as your
average apprentice. After all, shadowbrokers need to be extremely
selective about when, where, and to whom they reveal their powers.
Yeah...I'll lie in wait until then.
I know I'm not exerting my true potential and that I am cutting
corners, but I learned some skills as an apprentice that have come in
handy. Like how magic is used on the battlefield in this world. It's
been a good opportunity for me to reflect on my own techniques.
To be completely honest, it's clear to me the fighting styles from my
past life were a hundred times more logical and refined than the
ones here. I mean, look at any contemporary martial arts battle.
These fighters rebuke unnecessary movements, drawing from
various combat schools and whittling them down to the crème de la
crème. This creates the conditions for the "perfect" fight. It relies on
the rules of the game, of course, but this mental attitude can be used
to identify the best of the best in any situation.
And then consider this world. First and foremost, their fighting
techniques stay in their country of origin. Which means different
schools of combat don't cross borders. Plus, there are certain secret
skills that countries won't allow out of their jurisdiction—not that
we'd be able to spread them to begin with, since no forms of media
are readily available to us. This means we can't combine techniques
from other forms of fighting, much less reject or improve our own.
Page | 24
If I had to describe this system in one word, I'd call it unrefined.
But there's one fundamental difference between the two worlds.
That's right: magic. It completely changes the baseline of physical
performance.
Take physical strength, for example.
I can lift someone up with one hand, which means any knowledge
about hand-to-hand combat and wrestling, or "ground fighting,"
goes out the window. Even if we're in a mounted grappling position,
I can soar through the air by flexing my abs. If I've got my foot
hooked on an opponent in an offensive guard, I can blast them off
me by activating my leg muscles. Yeah. Ground fighting is out of the
question.
It's like how humans have their method of combat and gorillas have
a breed of their own. And I'll just leave it at that.
There are also differences in the distance and speed at which
combatants step into their attacks—meaning it's harder to predict
their movements in battle. This might be the most important thing. I
mean, martial arts are all about reading your opponent at an
appropriate range. The angle, position, and distance of your attacks
are everything.
It took me a while to get the hang of the last one, especially because
these fighters attack from afar. Like sixteen feet apart. I mean, I
guess I get it. They're lightning fast and take ginormous steps, and I'd
just assumed this was their way of fighting...until I realized it was to
compensate for their poor defense tactics.
I'm sure this is relatable to all martial artists: Those who can't guard
will stand too far from their opponents.
It's really scary to get hit. I get it. It's tempting to retreat to where
your opponent can't reach you. But this results in a contest where
Page | 25
one fighter attacks and the other retreats, and vice versa, which is a
real snore. You call this outboxing? Try again. This is just an exercise
of running back and forth.
It doesn't matter if the fighters are five or a hundred meters apart.
They can't land a decent hit either way. It could be six or seven or ten
meters—it's all the same.
This has been a public service announcement to close the gap and
duke it out.
But once you cross a certain threshold, one millimeter can make a
huge difference. And it stands at the exact point where I can both
land a blow and react to an attack. Throw in other factors like the
angle of my hits, and the slightest turn can mean an advantage—or a
disadvantage. The narrowest of margins is the best range between
two fighters.
A battle shouldn't be about one combatant dashing in sixteen feet
and the other leaping back nineteen.
I guess I came into this whole thing with an idea of what to expect
from other worlds, which—compounded with my unfamiliarity with
magic—left me confused about their combat scene. But, eh, I've
gotten my bearings straight as of late. It's all chill now.
I train every day at home, where our dad basically directs us on how
to throw down, and I grapple with my older sister. I know she's only
two years older than me, but she has natural talent, according to
everyone else. If she keeps it up, she's the one who will take over as
head of the family, which isn't uncommon in this world, since magic
can make women powerful enough to become the heir.
"Geez, you're so strong...," I whimper every day as she kicks my ass.
But I can't win. If I want to become a shadow commander, I've got to
establish myself as the most average of all background characters.
Page | 26
That's how I've been living out my day-to-day. Tack on lessons about
how to act as an aristocrat and hanging out with people to secure my
place as a low-profile extra, and I've barely got any free time during
the day.
Which means the only time for me to train is after everyone else has
gone to bed, late into the night. I may be cutting into my beauty
sleep, but I've been using magic to recover super-quick and
meditation to catch some z's in new ways. And now, I've pretty much
got short sleeper syndrome. I make it work.
Okay, time to get down to business. I blast through my usual training
regimen in the forest. I've got something special planned today.
I heard that rogues have taken up residence in the ghost town
nearby. According to my investigation, it's a large gang of thieves—
and the perfect opportunity to test my new weapon.
I take down bandits here and there. But a whole group of criminals?
That's the event of the year. And I'm always short on sparring
partners, so I welcome evildoers with open arms.
Oh, please, please, please infest this place with more crime!
I think it's standard for villages to try to deal with offenders on their
own terms, but they mostly get away scot-free. I mean, our judicial
system is in the city, which is why I've decided to take the law into
my own hands.
Today marks the historic day of my first official battle with my
newest weapon. I've been experimenting with it for months and call
it the "slime bodysuit."
Allow me to explain.
Page | 27
We can use magic in this world to strengthen our bodies and
weapons, but there are energy losses when it's transferred from one
form to another. For example, if I run one hundred currents of magic
through an average steel sword, only 10 percent of them will be of
use in combat. A whopping 90 percent is lost. Even a mithril sword,
which is known to be compatible with magic. It's considered highend if it performs at 50 percent capacity.
That's when slimes caught my eye. A slime is a magical being that
uses energy to change form and wobble from place to place.
According to my research, I've found they have a conductivity of an
astonishing 99 percent. On top of that, they're in a liquid state, which
means they can change their shape at will.
I started testing slime jellies after capturing and crushing their
cores—easily more than a thousand of them. In fact, I pushed them
to the brink of extinction in my area by killing too many and had to
go on an expedition to find more.
The jellies are easy to handle and strong, to boot. I successfully
molded the slime into a wearable bodysuit, which is superlightweight and silent, unlike armor. Plus, it almost, like, supports my
movements? And I've given it killer defenses, of course.
As for right now, I'm wrapped in a black slime bodysuit. It's a simple,
no-frills getup that fits my body perfectly, except for eyes, nostrils,
and mouth. I'm virtually indistinguishable from the criminal in a
certain famous detective manga.
I might want to think up a more suitable design when I'm intervening
in a scheme as a full-fledged shadowbroker.
I manage to arrive at the ghost town late into the night, but I can see
a few lights in the darkness. The thieves seem to be having a feast to
celebrate their robbing of merchants. Wow, I'm super-lucky.
Page | 28
You see, thieves aren't good at planning, and they immediately
squander what they steal, which means they only have something
decent right after a successful attack. And one man's treasure is
another man's treasure. What's theirs is mine. This is how I'll get the
funds to become a puppet master.
Anyway, I crash their feast, excited as all hell—not with a surprise
attack, because that won't make for a good practice session.
"Yahoo! Hand over the loot, scumbags!" I shriek in the middle of
their banquet.
"Wh-who the hell is this puny dude?!"
I mean, I'm only ten years old. Like, duh. It's only natural that I'm
short.
"You heard me! Now fork over the goods!" I shout, punting the rude
man across the room for calling me small.
The other thieves finally draw their weapons.
"Hey, keep it up, and we ain't gonna hold back, you bra—...!"
"Take that!" I exclaim as I slice through his neck, severing his head
from his shoulders midsentence.
That's right. My sword is made of slime, which means I can draw it
from my bodysuit when the situation calls for it. And it has a bunch
of nifty functions.
Number one. It can elongate.
"Take that! And that! And that!" I extend my sword and slay all the
dinky thieves in the vicinity.
I stretch the slime out in the shape of a whip with edges as sharp as a
sword. It's my first time wielding it, so I'm a tad nervous, but I can
totally see how it might come in handy.
"And that! And that! And...huh?"
Page | 29
I notice the room has gone all silent as I get a little too carried away
with slashing and slicing around me.
Wait, is there only one guy left?
"Wh-who are you...?"
"Eh, I guess you'll be my guinea pig for function number two."
"Th-the hell do you mean...?!"
"To break it down, you look stronger than the rest of them. I'm
assuming you're like their boss or something, right? Your chances of
winning are squat, but if you let me practice on you, I bet you'll live
for, like, two extra minutes. Good luck."
"S-stop playing, you brat! In the capital, I'm the—...!"
"Hey, you. Skip the speech and come at me."
"Die, dammit!" booms the Boss (or whatever) as he closes the
distance between us, taking his sweet old time to swing at me, and I
obviously...don't budge.
His sword plunges straight into my chest, and I'm thrown to the
ground on impact.
"Ha-ha! That's what you get for messin' with me! I've mastered the
Royal Bushin method, and... Wh-what?!"
"Ta-daa! ...You couldn't even scratch me."
I rise to my feet as if nothing happened, and wow, I couldn't be
happier with my suit's defenses! I mean, these weak-as-shit attacks
can't even touch me.
"I've heard it seems to be all the rage in the capital. Show me."
"Damn you!" swears the Boss as he strikes me.
Page | 30
Yeah. No sweat. As he swings his sword with all his might, I don't
even ready mine, sidestepping and ducking to dodge him, no
problem.
The Royal Bushin method, was it? I could get into their ways of
wielding the sword.
I mean, it's not every day you get to see someone fighting over
something other than spirituality, old-fashioned standards, or
personal beliefs in this world. This was a fight motivated by logic. I
can see it from his clumsy set of attacks.
In the length of a second, a small step forward.
I see him calculate his next strike and take creative approaches. That
said, his attacks leave a lot to be desired, and in the next free
moment, I step just out of his range.
"Wh-why...why can't I hit you?!"
"I mean, you're weaker than my old man. Though I guess you're
stronger than my sister. Not that it means anything. And I bet she'll
whup your butt in another year."
"You little shiiiiiiiiiiit!" he screeches, frantically bashing his sword in
my direction.
I parry his advances before kicking him lightly in the shin—snapping
my leg forward quickly as though on reflex.
"Gwah, ah! Why...?" the Boss whimpers, curling into a fetal position
and clutching his leg.
Blood drips from his shin and pools on the ground.
It's a cheap trick, you know. I have a blade as sharp as an ice pick
sticking out from my toes.
The second handy-dandy feature of the slime sword is that I can
wield my blade from wherever and whenever I want. I thought this
Page | 31
tactic showed the most potential. All I have to do is get in front of
the enemy and slash him with the sword in my shoe, since lowerbody attacks are hard to block. I parry hits, lock blades, and give my
opponent a kick. It's nothing flashy, but it gets the job done.
"I guess we're through."
"W-wait...!"
"You didn't even last two minutes," I note before kicking the Boss in
the chin with the blade on my foot.
Death by impalement.
He twitches as I roll him to the side and rummage through his loot.
"Artwork? I can't sell that. Hard pass on food. Come on. Where are
the cash, jewels, and precious metals? Gimme, gimme, gimme."
There are several carriages' worth of spoils. And many dead
merchants.
I whisper to the corpses, "I've avenged you. Now you can rest,
knowing your treasures will be put to good use. I hope you make it to
heaven."
I gather my haul and pray in silence. I'm guessing I found about five
million zeni. One zeni is more or less equal to one Japanese yen. All
this will help fund my activities as a shadowbroker. You know, the
world would be a much better place if it were overrun by criminals.
Oh, how I wish life were like a video game and I could encounter
enemies by walking down the street.
"Please wreak more havoc in your next life," I say to the Boss, giving
him a thumbs-up, when I notice...something past my fingertip.
"Is that...a cage?"
It looks sturdy and pretty big.
Page | 32
"Did they have slaves? Eh, hard pass on anything I can't trade for
cash."
But what if there's something valuable inside? I lift its cover.
"Well, this is...unexpected."
I'm not sure how to describe it, but this cage holds...a mound of
rotting flesh. I can kinda tell it's human maybe, but no clue as to its
age or gender.
But it's alive. Wait, it might even be conscious. I peer into the cage,
and the flesh jolts all of a sudden.
I've heard of the Church executing these creatures. I think they're
called the "possessed." They're born as normal humans until their
flesh rots out of nowhere, fated for death. But the Church goes out
of its way to purchase them, executing them in the name of
purification. They claim they're exorcising demons, but they're really
just murdering the sick. But the ignorant masses applaud and praise
them for keeping peace on earth. It's just as you'd expect from the
Middle Ages. What a friggin' downer.
I bet I'd get more zeni than this entire load of spoils if I were to sell
this to the Church, but that's pointless to say since I can't sell it.
Well, I guess I should put it out of its misery.
I stick my slime sword into the cage...when I notice something else.
Namely, this mound of flesh contains an abundance of magic. I've
been training my magic since childhood, but this surpasses mine—it's
honestly beastly. And this...
"Is this wavelength...the effects of a magical overload?"
I guess a magical overload must be the reason this turned into a pile
of flesh. I've suffered its effects firsthand before. If I hadn't gotten it
Page | 33
under control back then, I might've ended up suffering the same
fate.
I know magic has certain effects on the body, which I felt all too well
that fated day. I could sense its potential to raise my tolerance for
magic and allow me to handle more of it, but it would be too
dangerous to induce a magical overload. I'd tossed the idea.
But if I were to hypothetically conduct experiments on a product of
this phenomenon...I can get closer to being a shadow commander
without any risks.
"I can use this...," I say as I reach out to the flesh and infuse it with
magic.
Wow, it's been a whole month, huh...? I think as I recall my first
encounter with the mound and heave a sigh, back in the same
abandoned village.
I wonder why things turned out this way.
All my experiments on the flesh were going swimmingly—well, until
recently. I spent my days pumping the flesh with magical energy. I
mean, it wasn't my body, so I could go buck wild on it. I was plugging
away at my little experiment, testing this and that. In all honesty, it
was fun. After all, one of my greatest joys in life is sensing that I'm
getting closer to the essence of magic and watching my power grow
before my eyes. I pushed forward, inching toward the boundaries of
magic with more precision, power, and detail, until I finally had the
magical overload under the tip of my thumb when...a blond elven girl
appeared.
Page | 34
I guess it would be more accurate to say I was too fixated on
improving my command of magic to notice the flesh was a blond elf
until that moment. Huh. To think that stinking pile of flesh would
return to its original form. I tried sending her off with a lighthearted
farewell—you know, the typical You're a free elf and Happy trails and
You've got a bright future ahead of you. But she said she didn't have
a home, insisting on repaying me for saving her life, which, er, I
didn't actually do. It was all a coincidence.
I considered ditching her before things got annoying, but I ended up
making her Shadowbroker Subordinate A. I mean, she doesn't strike
me as the type to betray me, and she seems smart... There's
something about her that makes me suspect she has too much
talent.
And even though she's also ten years old, she's more than enough
proof that elves develop faster mentally than humans.
"And from this day forward, you will be Alpha."
A or Alpha. Either works.
"Understood," she replies with a nod.
She's your stereotypical elf—a beauty with blond hair, blue eyes, and
fair skin.
"And your job is..." I stop to think for a moment.
This is a big one. Her job is to be the assistant to a shadow
commander. No mistakes there. Which means I gotta set the scene
by answering some basic questions. Like, what exactly is an
eminence in shadow? And what purpose do they serve?
Flushing out the appropriate narrative is key. I mean, if I said I was
fighting to get revenge for losing at pachinko slots, I wouldn't seem
too cool, right?
Page | 35
I have to choose wisely. I mean, all my daydreams are filled with
puppeteers from even before I came into this world and certainly
after. I've mixed and matched thousands—no, tens of thousands—of
possible scenarios in my mind. And I have the perfect one for the
occasion.
Page | 36
Page | 37
"To hide in the shadows and prevent the resurrection of Diablos the
demon."
"Diablos the demon...?" Alpha cocks her head in confusion.
"I'm sure you've heard of him. You know, the stories of long, long
ago. Diablos brought our world to the brink of destruction when
three brave warriors—a human, an elf, and a therianthrope, or a
hybrid beast—teamed up to destroy him and protected the world."
"Oh yeah. But isn't that a fairy tale?"
"Nope, it really happened. But the truth is way more complicated
than that...," I continue, as a small, wry smile appears on my face. I
mean, getting to my level and twisting out a scenario from a legend
is a piece of cake.
"Just before the heroes slayed the demon, with his very last breath,
he put a curse on them, which is known as the Curse of Diablos."
"The Curse of Diablos? I've never heard of that before."
"Oh, but it exists. It's the curse of the possessed...and the very
disease that ravished your body."
"What? No way..." Alpha goes bug-eyed in horror.
"The descendants of the heroes have suffered from this illness. Back
in the day, the Curse of Diablos used to be curable. Just like yours."
No one would believe that Alpha was possessed until recently. Her
smooth and unblemished skin is evidence to back up my story.
I mean, even though this is a big fat lie.
Page | 38
"It's proof that one is a descendant of the heroes who saved the
world. You know, the possessed used to be lauded, appreciated, and
protected—in the past."
"But no one appreciates us anymore, let alone..." Alpha trails off,
screwing up her face.
"There's someone out there who twisted history—erasing the truth
about the lineage of the possessed and hiding the cure to the curse.
What's worse, these people became targets of shame."
"Ngh...! Who would do such a thing?!"
"Those who scheme to resurrect Diablos. That's because those with
the curse carry the bloodline of the heroes and high levels of magical
energy. In other words, they serve as a major military force for us.
On the flip side, they're a nuisance to his supporters."
"Which is why we're called the possessed and disposed of..."
"Exactly. You lost your hometown and family—all because you've
been accused of committing a false sin. Aren't they despicable?"
"Yeah. There's no way I wouldn't find them absolutely detestable."
"The Cult of Diablos. That's our enemy. They only work behind the
scenes, which is why we must conceal ourselves, too. Lurk in the
darkness and hunt down shadows."
"I'm guessing they've gotta be formidable if they have enough say to
pull the strings behind the scenes. Which means that our enemies
hold positions of power...and that hordes of people under their
control don't know the truth..."
I nod seriously. "Our journey may be perilous. But we must go
forward. Are you with me?"
"If that's what you want, then I'll devote my life to it. We'll punish
these sinners with death..." Alpha stares at me with her intense blue
Page | 39
eyes and smiles defiantly. Her face is lovely even in its youth and
teems with determination and resolve.
I fist pump in my mind. Whoo-hoo! This elf girl is super-gullible!
Obviously, the Cult of Diablos doesn't exist, which means we'll never
find them. It also provides grounds for me to accuse and slaughter
any thief syndicate in the area for being in the Cult. And I bet we can
stake out battles between fighters and intervene as shadow
commanders. And—and we can say fake-deep stuff for our parting
words! Like The end is near... Or The resurrection of the demon is
nigh... And it would be so cool if we could arrive with the wind on a
battlefield, saying You fools... You're being controlled..., before
completely wiping everyone out...! Wow. I could honestly go on and
on.
Right. I almost forgot. The most important part. This name of this
organization...
"We are the Shadow Garden... We lurk in the darkness and hunt
down shadows..."
"The Shadow Garden. That's a nice name."
I know, right? It's sick.
This is the very moment the Shadow Garden and the World's
Greatest Enemy—the Cult of Diablos—is born. I move one step closer
to becoming a mastermind.
"I guess we can start by wielding our magic and practicing sparring
with each other. I'll act as the main fighter in battle, but you've got
to get stronger to wrangle in the small fry."
"I know. We've got a tough enemy on our hands. I have to raise the
bar for myself."
"Right. That's the spirit."
Page | 40
"And we have to find other descendants of heroes and protect
them."
"Uh, erm, yeah. All in moderation."
It would be fun to play shadowbroker with more people, since that'd
make it feel more like a legit organization. But I don't need that
many people. I honestly wouldn't have a problem if it just stayed the
two of us.
"Well, for now, let's just focus on getting stronger," I suggest,
readying my wooden sword.
I block Alpha's attack, which has an unexpected bite to it. To think
she was only a novice until recently. Alpha has a good feel for things
and plenty of magical energy, which means I can make good use of
her.
Under the moonlight, I swing my wooden sword as these thoughts
run through my mind.
Page | 41
Page | 42
Page | 43
Chapter 1
Starting the Shadowbroker Tutorial!
It's been three years since the establishment of the Shadow
Garden—give or take. Alpha and I turned thirteen years old, and my
older sister Claire, fifteen.
There isn't anything special about turning thirteen, but fifteen is
another story. That's when aristocrats begin their three-year
education at a school in the royal capital. As the bearer of the hopes
and dreams of the Kagenou household, Claire had a crazy farewell
party thrown for her, which was organized by our mother. Like, wow,
you can't get more clichéd than that.
And that's fine. Well, it was fine until she vanished the day of her
departure. Read: All hell broke loose in the Kagenou household.
"The room was like this when I came in," explains my dad in a low,
suave voice. His face isn't bad, either. "No signs of a struggle. But it
looks like the window has been pried open. The culprit must have
been skilled to do this without me and Claire noticing."
He touches the windowsill and stares wistfully at the sky. A glass of
whiskey would complete the scene.
Now, if only he had hair...
"And?" replies a chilly voice. "Are you saying we're out of luck since
the kidnapper was skilled?"
That was my mom.
"Th-that's not what I'm saying. I was just stating a fact...," answers
my dad as cold sweat drips down his cheeks.
There's a pause.
"Shut it, baldyyyyyy!!"
Page | 44
"Eep! I-I'm sorry! I'm sorry!!"
By the way, it's like I'm invisible. They don't expect much from me,
and I don't cause any trouble. I'm trying to keep this up to lie low in
the background.
It's really too bad that my sister disappeared, since she was cool and
all. But they nabbed her in the middle of the night when I was out
training in the abandoned town, which meant I couldn't do anything
to stop it. After watching with a concerned expression while my
parents bicker, I sneak into my room and roll into bed.
"You can come out now."
"Okay," replies a voice accompanied by the sound of the curtains
swishing gently.
A girl in a black slime bodysuit steps out from behind them.
"Oh, it's you. Beta."
"Yes," says a girl, an elf like Alpha.
But while Alpha's hair is blond, Beta's is silver, framing her blue feline
eyes and the mole right under one of them. She's the third member
of the Shadow Garden, after me and Alpha. I know I told Alpha to do
things in moderation, but I swear, she keeps taking people in like
they're stray cats or something.
"Where's Alpha?"
"She's searching for signs of Miss Claire."
"Dang, she's fast. Is my sister alive?"
"Most likely."
"Can we rescue her?"
"It's possible...but it requires your assistance, Master Shadow."
Page | 45
Oh, I have them call me Shadow. It's fitting for the leader of the
Shadow Garden, right?
"Did Alpha say that?"
"Yes. She said we must take every precaution in a hostage situation."
"Huh."
If I'm being honest, Alpha is plenty powerful on her own. If she's
asking for backup, we must be dealing with a big shot.
"It makes my blood boil...," I say, compressing the magic in my hand
down further. In a flash, I release it, causing the air to quiver around
us.
There's no particular reason for that. I just love to put on a good
show.
Plus, it startles Beta, who even murmurs, "Incredible." Nice.
As of late, I haven't run out of training partners with Alpha, Beta, and
Delta around, but I do like switching things up every once in a while.
And I'm obsessed with playing the part of a mastermind, which
makes this a perfect opportunity.
"It's been a while since I've showed my true strength...," I mumble.
At this point, I'm used to giving off a mysterious vibe. And with Alpha
and Beta creating an optimal environment for pretend play, I've
been very hyped up lately.
"As we'd expected, the perpetrator is a member of the Cult of
Diablos—presumably one of their highest-ranking officers."
"A high rank, huh...? But what do they want with my sister?"
"They must suspect that she's one of the heroes' descendants."
"Well, those bastards guessed right..."
And that's how she thickens the plot.
Page | 46
On top of that, she takes out a pile of documents and starts saying all
kinds of cryptic things.
Like "Your story was true after all..."
And "The Children of Diablos from one thousand years ago have..."
And "This monument may be a sign of the Cult...," but I don't know
for sure, 'cause I can't read ancient texts. I have a feeling that Alpha
can't even understand them.
Y'know, I bet the two of them scrounged up some paperwork that
looked appropriately suspicious to feel as if we're getting closer to
the truth. Yeah, that sounds about right.
"Take a look at this report. According to our most recent
investigation, Miss Claire seems to have been brought to this
hideout..."
Beta begins laying out a huge heap of files. It's complete gibberish to
me. The majority is written in an ancient alphabet, and the others
are a series of nonsensical numbers and symbols. Dang, they really
have a knack for creating fake reports. In this regard, they're way
better than me.
I ignore her explanation and chuck a small knife at the map on my
wall. I aim for wherever feels right or something.
Zing. It sinks into the map.
"There."
"There? What are you...?"
"That's where my sister is."
"But there's nothing... Wait. No way...!" She balks, hastily rummaging
through her reports as if she's realized something.
Erm, ah, it's really just a random throw. But Beta is a great actress.
Page | 47
Lemme take a guess. You're gonna say the secret hideout is located
right at the tip of the knife, right?
"After cross-referencing my reports, it appears the hideout is at that
location."
See? What did I say?
"To think you instantly interpreted these documents and uncovered
hidden details... You never cease to amaze me."
"Beta, you gotta train more."
"I'll do my best."
Bravo! I know it's all an act, but whew! It pulls on my heartstrings.
Oh, Beta! You've got me on the edge of my seat.
"I'll report to Alpha right away. Will we attempt our rescue tonight?"
"Yeah."
Beta bows to me and leaves the room with eyes all sparkly. Like, I
can almost feel that you totally respect me.
Cheers to her Academy Award–winning performance!
A man walks down a dimly lit underground tunnel. Appearing to be
in his late thirties, he has a piercing gaze and a well-built body, and
all his gray hair is slicked back.
He stops at the end of the tunnel, where there's one door flanked by
two soldiers.
"The daughter of Baron Kagenou," he orders.
Page | 48
"In here, sir," one soldier pipes up, bowing to Grease and unlocking
the door. "We've got her restrained, but she's extremely hostile.
Please proceed with caution."
"Hmph. Who do you think I am?"
"M-my apologies, sir!"
Grease pushes through the door and enters the stone dungeon,
where a girl is shackled to the wall with magic chains.
"You must be Claire Kagenou."
When she's addressed by her name, the girl looks up at Grease in
response.
She's stunning, wrapped in the dainty negligee she wore to bed. It
lightly veils her voluptuous breasts and shapely thighs, and her silken
black hair is cut straight across her back.
Claire glares defiantly at him. "I've seen you around the capital.
You're Viscount Grease, aren't you?"
"Oh, well, I used to be a royal guard...or you saw me at the Bushin
Festival."
"Right, the tournament. Princess Iris really tore you a new one."
Claire smirks.
"Hmph. We're bound by tournament rules, which makes that an
exception. I would never lose to her in a real battle."
"You would lose then, too, Viscount Grease...you first-round flunker."
"Shut it. A brat will never know the struggles of getting to the finals."
Grease scowls at Claire.
"I'll make it in a year."
"I hate to break it to you, but you don't have a year left."
Page | 49
The chains that bind her clang loudly as she closes the distance
between them, snapping her teeth a hairbreadth away from the
nape of Grease's neck.
Chomp.
If Grease hadn't slightly turned his head, she would have severed his
carotid artery.
"Which of us won't see another year? Want to test it out?"
"You won't be testing anything out, Claire Kagenou."
Claire is howling with laughter when he punches her in the jaw,
slamming her against the stone wall. But her glare remains
unchanged and locked on Grease the entire time.
His next punch doesn't land.
"Jumping backward now, eh?"
Claire smiles fearlessly. "Oh, I assumed you were trying to hit a fly."
"Hmph. I guess you're not letting your strong magical powers
overwhelm you."
"I learned that it's all about how you use magic, not how much."
"Your father taught you well."
"Baldy didn't teach me a thing. I'm talking about my brother."
"Your brother...?"
"He's a cheeky one. I win every time we battle, but I'm the one
learning from his techniques, not the other way around. Which is
why I make life hard for him." A playful grin splays across her face.
"My condolences to your brother. I guess this makes me the hero
who saves him from his wicked sister. Enough chitchat..." Grease
pauses, observing her intently.
Page | 50
"Claire Kagenou, has your physical condition...felt off recently? As in,
has it gotten harder to use and handle magic? Have you experienced
any pain when you use it? Is your body starting to turn dark with rot?
...Do you have any of these symptoms?"
"Did you abduct me to play doctor?" The corners of Claire's glossy
lips lift to a smile.
"You know, I used to have a daughter. I don't want to knock you
around more than I already have. Answering honestly would benefit
us both."
"Is that a threat? When I feel threatened, I tend to get hostile...even
when I shouldn't."
"Are you saying you won't tell me the truth?"
"We'll see."
Grease and Claire glare at each other for a while.
She's the one to break the silence. "Fine. I'll answer your dumb
question, since it's no big deal. What was it? About my condition and
magic, right? Well, everything's fine now. If I wasn't chained up, I'd
be doing pretty darn good."
"What do you mean by 'now'?"
"Well, I first noticed the symptoms a year ago."
"What? Are you saying it got cured—on its own?" Grease has never
heard of a case where it healed on its own.
"Yeah, I didn't do anything to... Oh, right. What was it? A 'stretch'? I
don't know what that means, but my little bro asked me to stretch
with him, and I felt better after that."
"Stretch? I've never heard of that before...but if you had symptoms,
that means I wasn't mistaken in thinking you're compatible."
Page | 51
"Compatible...? What does that mean?"
"Nothing that should concern you. Either way, you're going to break
soon enough. Oh, and I'll make sure to look into your brother..."
Before he can finish his sentence, he suffers a blow to the nose.
"Wha—?!" he barks, stumbling back to the door and glowering at
Claire. He holds his bloody nose. "Claire Kagenou, you wretch...!"
All four limbs should have been bound, but she somehow managed
to free her right arm, where blood trickles down her wrist.
"You scraped off your own flesh and dislocated your finger...?!"
These are no ordinary chains. They're sealed with magic. In other
words, she unleashed the full extent of her physical strength to slice
the flesh off her hand, break her own bones, and slide out of the
chains to punch Grease. This rattles him to his core.
"If you do anything to my brother, I'll never forgive you! I'll kill you,
your loved ones, your family, your friends... Ngh...?!"
Grease clobbers Claire in the gut with all his might. There's no way
she can defend herself from his spells, especially when she's
strapped down by chains.
"You bitch...!" spits Grease as she crumples to the ground.
On the floor, there's a pool of dark-red blood fed by a trickle from
her right hand.
"Well, then. I'll know when I've used this...," he murmurs, reaching
out to touch her blood when a winded soldier flings the door open.
"Viscount Grease, we're in trouble! Intruders!"
"Intruders?! Who the hell are they?"
"We don't know! There are only a few of them, but we don't stand a
chance without you!"
Page | 52
"Ugh, I'll take care of it! The rest of you, stay on guard!" Grease clicks
his tongue in irritation before turning on his heel and making his way
from the cell.
By the time Grease arrives on the scene, the area is already smeared
with blood.
The soldiers who protect the major facility aren't weak by any
means, and some even rival the royal guard.
"Why? This can't be...!"
Illuminated by a single light streaming in from the outside, countless
dead bodies litter the ground of the underground hall in the facility.
Each bears a single slash—sliced by an unimaginably destructive
force.
"Son of a bitch...!"
Grease glares at a group of figures dressed in black bodysuits. From
their curves, he can guess they're petite girls—seven in total. Under
the dim light of the moon, they're stealthy enough that it's easy to
lose sight of them without a concerted effort. These women are
using a rare technique to control their magical presence, and Grease
recognizes this group might just rival him in strength.
There's one who's drenched in blood, eyeing him under the
moonlight.
"Nnr...!"
In this moment, instinct overtakes Grease—not for any explicit
reason, but he can sense danger.
Page | 53
Blood drips down her bodysuit and onto the floor, and she lets her
katana drag behind her apathetically, creating a trail of gore.
"Who the hell are you? What's your purpose?" he asks, attempting
to suppress his unease.
But he's faced with seven rivals as powerful as him. To fight would be
asinine. Grease curses his bad luck as he searches for a way out.
The blood-splattered girl isn't listening to him. She laughs, snickering
from behind her bloodied mask.
She's going to hunt me down...! Grease thinks, just as he hears
another voice.
"Back off, Delta."
The girl halts in place before retreating without resistance. Grease
lets out a huge sigh of relief.
Another girl walks forward to take her place.
"We are the Shadow Garden."
If they were anywhere else, her angelic voice would have entranced
him.
"I'm Alpha."
He realizes she's revealed her face at some point, and her pale skin
gleams under the moonlight. She steps forward.
"Nn...!"
He sees she's an elf with golden hair and beauty that leaves him
gasping for breath.
She takes another step.
"Our purpose...is to eliminate the Cult of Diablos."
Page | 54
He doesn't take notice of her black sword until it slices through the
air and parts the night sky. Or at least, it seems to create that
illusion, and Grease is overcome with intimidation by the force of her
swing and the wind that follows it.
How did she acquire such power at this age? He trembles with
jealousy and fear—but more than anything, he's petrified by her
declaration.
"How...how do you know our group?"
The Cult of Diablos. Grease is one of the few people in the facility
who knows the name of this organization.
"We know everything. We know all about Diablos the demon, his
curse, and the heroes' descendants. And...the truth about the
possessed."
"H-how did you...?"
Grease was only recently informed of this top secret information,
which couldn't— No, shouldn't have been leaked.
"You're not the only ones after the Curse of Diablos."
"Ksh...!"
He knows he can't forgive them for getting access to classified
information. But would slaying them prevent it from spreading?
No, no good.
Which means he needs to live—to survive to inform headquarters
about the girls, which is why Grease moves forward.
"Aaaaaaaaagh!!" he shouts, unsheathing his sword and swiping at
Alpha.
"How reckless," she notes, dodging and countering it with ease.
Page | 55
Her blade grazes his cheek, where blood pours from the fresh
wound.
And yet, that doesn't stop him. He continues to pursue victory, even
as none of his attacks land. Grease misses by a hairbreadth each
time.
On the other side, Alpha is focused on eliminating unnecessary
movements and calculating the trajectory of his sword to sidestep
oncoming assaults.
And all the while, Grease's arms are slashed, legs cut, shoulders
sliced.
But none of his wounds are fatal.
Grease sneers when he realizes she won't kill him until she gets intel
out of him, and a new path to victory comes into view. After he slices
through nothing again and again, he's finally slashed in the chest,
causing him to retreat.
"Let's not waste any more time," says Alpha.
Grease doesn't answer, kneeling and clutching his wounded chest. A
smile then spreads across his face...and he swallows something.
"What...are you doing?!"
His body doubles in size—his complexion darkens, his muscles bulge,
his eyes glow red. And most importantly, his magic capacity
increases...dramatically.
"Unnh...!"
Grease's steel sword zings through the air without warning, which
Alpha manages to block instantly. But she grimaces on impact, using
the momentum to leap back and create distance between them.
"Interesting trick," she notes, shaking her arm as pins and needles
shoot through it. She cocks her head to the side. "Based on the wave
Page | 56
frequency, I'm guessing it's a magical overload...that's been forcibly
induced..."
"Lady Alpha, is everything all right?" asks a voice from behind,
surprised to see Alpha back down during a fight for the first time.
"It's fine, Beta. Just a messy situation... Hmm?"
When Alpha turns her gaze back to Grease, there's no one in sight.
Well, more accurately, there's a rectangular hole in his place, leading
to a lower level of the facility—a trapdoor.
"...He got away."
"Yeah...let's go after him," Beta responds, ready to leap in behind
him.
Alpha stops her in the nick of time. "That won't be necessary. He'll
take care of it."
"He...? Now that I think about it, Master Shadow said he'd go ahead
of us... No way."
"Yeah. I have to admit I was worried he'd get lost when he sprinted
down a different route." Alpha giggles.
"He knew this would happen... He's done it again."
Their eyes glow with respect as they peer down the hole together.
"I'm lost," I mumble to myself in an empty underground facility.
It was all fine and well when we infiltrated the hideout, but I got sick
of fighting off small fry. I thought I'd go ahead and kill their boss,
which brings us...here. Bummer. I mean, I even practiced what I'd say
when I faced their leader and everything.
Page | 57
Anyway, this place is huge. I get the vibe of a group of bandits living
in an abandoned military facility.
"Hmm?"
I sense someone running toward me from the other side of the
tunnel. It takes a few beats before the figure notices me, too, leaving
a wide gap between us.
"You've been expecting me...," he assumes.
He's super-jacked, and his eyes have a crimson glow for some reason
or another. He looks...really friggin' cool. I can imagine him shooting
laser beams with his eyes.
"But if it's just you, this should be a breeze," he remarks with a
twisted smile on his face.
Then he vanishes—well, more like moves fast enough that an
average person would've thought he disappeared.
But I parry his attack with one hand. As long as I can spot the course
of the attack, I'm not scared by the velocity of the assault. Even
power is all about how you use it.
"Nnr!" he yelps.
I push him away in the shoulder and retreat.
His magic is incredible—much stronger than Alpha, if I'm being
honest. But his command over it is dismal, unfortunately. He's
nothing but a dope jacked with magic.
I'm not a big fan of people who go bananas with their magic, getting
yoked with spells and moving at unimaginable speeds, and I don't
like relying on physical force. Not that I'm trying to reject it. I mean, if
I was forced to choose between strength and technique, I'd take
strength in a heartbeat, since advanced tactics without the power to
back them up are useless.
Page | 58
That said, I absolutely despise half-baked strategies that solely
depend on physical abilities—like power alone, or speed alone, or
reaction time alone. They overlook and disregard the subtleties of
battle.
You see, strength is natural, but mastery requires effort.
Shadowbrokers never lose when it comes to skill and expertise. And I
want to be the same. My techniques will bolster my strength. My
ingenuity will dictate speed. My reaction time will let me scope out
potential attacks. Physicality is important, but I'd never screw up a
fight by relying on it. That's all part of my battle aesthetic.
If I'm being honest, this hulky slugger is starting to piss me off.
Let's teach him a lesson...about the right way to use magic.
"Lesson one."
I wield my slime sword and walk forward—one step, two steps,
three.
On that last one, he takes a swing at me, which means I'm in his
fighting range and is my cue to speed up. I take the tiniest quantity of
magic possible, focus it in my feet, compress, and then release it in
one shot. That's all there is to it, and you can create an explosive
impact with the smallest magical force.
His sword slices through the air.
And now he's in my range.
I don't need speed or power or magic. I graze his neck with my ebony
katana, slicing through the topmost layer of skin and leaving the
veins untouched.
I back up. His blade scathes my cheek at the same time.
"Lesson two."
Page | 59
I make my move as he readies his sword again. I don't use magic,
letting his movements stay quicker than mine. But he can't attack
and move at the same time—no matter his speed.
Which is why I can get closer and take one tiny step.
It's a distance that's too long for me and too short for him.
There's a moment of silence that follows.
I see him looking uncertain of his next move, but he ultimately
chooses to back away.
I knew he was going to do that, based on the shift of magical energy
inside him, and I close the distance before he has a chance to back
up.
This time, my sword scrapes against his leg, cutting a little deeper
than the last laceration.
"Gah...!" He groans in pain and continues his retreat.
I don't pursue him.
"Lesson three."
I'm just getting started.
Have I ever felt this overpowered before? Grease wonders as the inkblack sword continues to break skin.
Even when he fought Alpha the elf, even when the princess claimed
victory at the Bushin Festival, Grease didn't feel weak. In fact, the
last time he'd felt a power imbalance...was when he was a kid. It was
the first time he'd ever held a sword and squared off with his
Page | 60
mentor—an adult versus a child, a champion versus a novice. It was
hardly anything that could be considered a fight.
Grease is experiencing that same feeling right about now.
The boy in front of him doesn't look tough whatsoever. At the very
least, he doesn't emit the same menacing aura as Alpha when
Grease fought her. He's a total natural; his stance, magic, and
swordsmanship all seem to come effortlessly. In fact, his strength
and speed are unremarkable, honestly—nothing special at all. But his
strategy perfects his swordplay. And he manages to stand against
Grease's powers of mass destruction using that alone.
Which makes Grease feel an overwhelming sense of defeat.
He knows the only reason he's alive is because the boy allows it. If
his opponent wanted it, Grease would be dead in an instant.
But Grease could regenerate his body as long as he didn't suffer fatal
wounds. Of course, there are limits and nasty side effects.
Meanwhile, he's shed pails of blood and had his bones broken, his
flesh shredded, which means he'll need more time to fully recover.
But even in this time of crisis, Grease survives.
No. It's more accurate to say he's been spared.
Grease lets out a single question: "Why...?"
Why are you letting me live?
Why are we enemies?
Why are you so strong?
Why?
The young boy shrouded in black looks down at Grease. "Lurk in the
darkness and hunt down shadows. That's the only reason we exist."
There's a distant sadness to his voice.
Page | 61
And that's all it takes for Grease to understand the situation.
"Are you going up against them...?" he asks.
There are certain people in this world who the law cannot touch.
Grease knew this and considered himself above that threshold—
special concessions, privileges, and those with hidden personas.
After all, the light of the law doesn't shine to the very edge of the
world.
While Grease enjoyed certain privileges, he was trampled and
crushed by those at the top, which made him yearn for more
power...and led to his downfall.
"Even if you... Even if your gang of twats becomes stronger, you'll
never defeat them. The darkness of this world...is a deeper abyss
than your wildest dreams," he says—not to warn the boy but to
express his diabolical hopes.
Grease wants the boy to get pulverized, lose everything, and become
totally disillusioned with society. But, overcome with petty envy and
spite, he frets that this wish is out of reach.
"Then we dive deeper," offers the boy without a hint of eagerness or
ambitiousness.
But Grease can sense his steadfast resolve and unshakable
confidence.
"It's not easy."
Unacceptable.
Utterly unacceptable, thinks Grease, who's doomed for attempting
to take them down himself.
This is the moment he decides to cross the final frontier. He removes
a pill from his breast pocket and swallows it whole when he realizes
Page | 62
he's not going to survive. If that's the case, he thinks, I'll use this life
to teach him the truth.
The truth about the darkness of this world.
The aura surrounding Grease changes.
Until now, his magical energy had been rampaging around his body,
but it starts to withdraw, replaced by its densely compressed twin.
His veins rupture and burst with blood, his muscles tear, his bones
shatter—but his body heals instantly. He defies the physical
limitations of a human form and hosts an immeasurable amount of
magical power.
The Cult calls this the "awakening."
Once one assumes this form, there's no turning back. But in
return...one is bestowed with Herculean strength.
"Aaaaghhh!" Grease roars in a beastly fashion before vanishing into
thin air.
The dull sound of impact hangs in the air. In the same moment, the
boy in black is flung off his feet toward a wall, which he kicks to shift
his body and land on the ground.
But Grease continues swinging at him, propelling the boy back again.
"Too slow! Too flimsy! Too frail! This is reality!" Grease aggressively
hounds him.
With another thump, the boy is catapulted backward by more of
Grease's attacks—quick, heavy, and merciless. It's all because he
possesses an overwhelming force.
Grease thinks he has it all figured out: The tiger doesn't have to be
cunning to kill a hare. He just needs strength. By pushing back, it
makes it impossible for the boy to fight—and he's destined to fall
apart.
Page | 63
But this is all wrong.
"Hgh?!" Grease whines as blood erupts from his chest.
He takes notice of a laceration—one that breaks past the surface of
his skin. Grease halts in place for a split second, but he recovers fast
enough to knock his enemy back in the next instant.
"It's hopeless! You can't get me!!" he shrieks, even as his flesh is
shredded down to his bones.
But his wounds begin to bubble up and heal in the next beat.
"This is true power! This is true strength!!" Grease starts to
accelerate, slashing his weapon through the air, even as blood spouts
from his body.
He appears as a flash of scarlet light.
Ebony and crimson—the two colors clash, causing the one in black to
get slung back and the one in red to spew fresh blood.
Their battle is too quick for the human eye to catch, and the
afterimage of crimson and the backward movements of ebony are
the only indicators of something uncanny in the making.
Their skirmish doesn't last long. There's a clear power imbalance,
and it's easy to guess that the figure in black would be the one to
break. It's a fight that the one in red shouldn't have lost—slinging his
sword on repeat and pulverizing the other into submission with his
cataclysmic strength.
But why?
Why does he look unfazed...?
"Why...why can't I hit you...?"
The boy in black hasn't changed from the beginning of the fight. He's
barely unleashed any magic or moved on his own accord, instead
Page | 64
choosing to go with the flow and let Grease fling him around. It's as if
he's a fallen leaf swept away in a rapid stream.
Except he's not completely passive. He uses the momentum of these
blows to land a direct hit—without seeming showy or expending any
unnecessary energy.
It's natural. As if it's supposed to happen.
"Terrible," states the boy in black, staring down Grease and looking
as if he can read his thoughts.
"You know nothing... Nothing, you bastard!" Grease barks back,
pooling every bit of magic into his body and sword before taking his
shot.
He's ready to eliminate this boy, even if it costs him his life, raring for
the biggest assault of his existence.
"No more games."
Grease is sliced in two—by an unconstrained swing of a sword. It's
hurled down on him with the ease of a walk in the park. A singular
stroke bisects it all—his sword, his enhanced magical powers, his
muscular physique.
The viscount thought the reason behind the boy's advanced
swordplay was pure skill—not magic, strength, or speed. But he's
wrong.
"What is this...?"
It's a single stroke that destroys everything.
Grease watches the blade cut through his sword, his magic, his flesh,
and his bones as he stands on the verge of death. It's a strike
fortified with impenetrable magic, titanic strength, sonic speed, and
most importantly...natural talent.
It's perfect.
Page | 65
The boy in black has everything at his disposal. But he chose not to
use all of it until now.
Nothing could withstand that single stroke containing every ounce of
his power.
"I guess...this is it...," mutters Grease as blood rushes out of him, and
his upper body topples and hits the ground. There's a beat before his
other half crashes to the floor.
Grease tries to regenerate the bisection, but nothing is salvageable.
His flesh is putrid and rotten, excreting black fluid that soaks the area
around him.
Ebony looks down. Grease glances up.
Having crossed swords with the boy in black, the viscount
understands that one's temperament can be seen through one's
swordplay. His opponent appears as a serious, naive nobody—who
trained with blood, sweat, and tears to reign victorious in battle.
Page | 66
Page | 67
I thought he was just a brat who knew nothing, but I was wrong.
His enemy had known everything and had still chosen to fight.
Powerless, he thinks of himself. He's been powerless for his entire
life. He's tried to succeed but returned empty-handed, while this
whelp in black...
"Mi...llia..." Grease groans, reaching for a dagger encrusted with a
blue jewel and closing his eyes.
As consciousness slips away from him, he sees the smiling face of his
beloved daughter who passed long ago.
Anyway, that's how we ended our slaughter of some bandits—I
mean, our little rescue mission.
I found my sister totally unconscious, so I undid her chains and left
her there, which contributed to her crankiness when she returned
home the next day. But she's a real tough cookie—tough enough
that the wound on her hand almost healed overnight.
After a hectic week or so of hospital treatments and follow-up
investigations, my sister finally made her way to the capital—though
she pestered me more than usual during that time for some
annoying reason.
The girls in the Shadow Garden were busy, conducting their own
research, taking care of the remaining bandits, and other stuff. Oh,
right, we're not calling them bandits. Whatever. The Cult. I mean,
they're all thieves in the end.
Page | 68
But that geezer with red eyes was outstanding. I mean, he inspired
me to come up with "then we dive deeper," which sounds like
something a shadowbroker would say. I owe him my thanks. I
would've loved to have him play a supporting role to my part as an
eminence in shadow.
This was a must-see performance. My ability to improvise and
portray a master puppeteer was off the rockers. It's a real shame
there wasn't a live audience. But I only have to wait two more
years—which is when I go to the capital. You know the one. It's a
world-famous metropolis and the only city in this country that
houses one million people.
I bet protagonists are a dime a dozen, and there might be Final
Bosses, too.
There's bound to be conspiracies, rebellions, and incidents—none of
which would ever happen in the boonies. And that's when the
mastermind bursts onto the scene... Huh. Now that I think about it, I
guess I'm just a toad who feels cocky about beating some bandits. At
this moment in time, my prologue hasn't even been written.
And then one day, Alpha and the other girls gather before me, just as
I'm yearning to get stronger for school, which is two years down the
line. They want to share their reports on the Cult and lab findings on
the curse and all that jazz.
It's unusual to have all seven of them in a room at once, especially
since it seems they've got their hands full as of late.
Geez, go easy on the research and investigations. I mean, it's all
pointless anyway, I think as I listen to their reports.
Here's a simple summary of their findings.
Page | 69
Their first claim is that the heroes who slayed Diablos the demon
were all women, which is why they're the ones who suffer
exclusively from the curse.
How creative. But I hate to break it to you that all the heroes were
men in the most common theory. Oh, wait, I bet they came up with
that since the Shadow Garden is comprised of seven women apart
from me.
Their next report was on how the curse was most common among
elves, followed by hybrid beasts and then humans. According to their
research, it has to do with the life spans of the respective species.
With humans living short lives with weak traces of the heroic
bloodline, they're least susceptible to the curse. On the other hand,
elves have long life expectancies with potent concentrations of
blood, which makes them the most prone to fall victim to the curse.
The therianthropes, or hybrid beasts, are in the middle.
Now that I think about it, I'm the only human in the Shadow Garden,
and I've never been possessed. Besides me, we have two
therianthropes and a posse of five elves—and all seven have been
possessed. You know, they did a stellar job coming up with this
backstory.
And then they proceed to report on a bunch of other things, which I
pretend to absorb.
They move on to their reports about the Cult, which is supposedly a
massive organization that operates on a global scale. Fascinating.
In terms of being the possessed or cursed or whatever, they tell me
the Cult calls them "compatibles," and their members are
supposedly going the extra mile to locate, acquire, and wipe them
from existence or some crap.
Anyway, they suggest that the Shadow Garden scatter across the
world to prevent this from spreading. Their plan would leave me
Page | 70
with one rotating subordinate, the rest of them scattering to every
corner of the world to protect the possessed, investigate the Cult,
and sabotage their activities.
When they suggest this new plan, it hits me all of a sudden: They
must have realized that the Cult doesn't exist.
They're through with this stupid charade and demanding their
freedom. What else could scattering across the world mean? I'm
guessing they feel indebted to me for curing them, which is why
they're going to stick with me on a rotating basis. I just have to deal
with it. I know that's what they're trying to tell me.
I'm bummed out. In my past life, the kids idolized the heroes as
much as I adored masterminds—until we grew up, and they didn't
even notice that they'd forgotten all about their precious heroes. I
was left alone. I guess the girls have grown up, too.
I'm feeling all soppy but agree to send them on their way. I never
planned on having seven members to begin with. If they leave me
with one subordinate, that's enough for me. I see them off, and we
reluctantly exchange good-byes.
I make a vow to myself: I'll never stop trying to become a
mastermind, even if that means I have to face this world alone.
She no longer fears killing others.
Beta whips her inky katana, splattering congealed blood off her blade
and onto the ashen ground in a clean line. She stands cloaked in the
darkness of night and surrounded by a group of soldiers lying
facedown.
"End him," orders Beta.
Page | 71
The girls in black bodysuits pierce their blades into the guard. One of
their hands in particular shakes violently, but it doesn't stop the girl
from thrusting her sword into his pressure point.
"Guh... Gaaaah!" shrieks the soldier with his final breath, causing her
blade to freeze in place.
It's the type of cry that'll haunt her in her sleep until she becomes
accustomed to killing.
Beta envelops the girl's hands on the helm with her own before
giving the blade a sharp twist. Together, they feel the soldier's life
leaving his body.
"Ah, ahhh...!" gasps a voice.
This time, the cries are the girl's.
Beta wraps her arm around her subordinate's trembling shoulders
and issues her next instructions. "Secure the target."
The group makes its way to the carriage, boarding the loading deck.
Following the shrill sounds of a chain snapping, the girls emerge from
the wagon with a dark mound of rotting flesh.
It's still breathing.
"Return to Lady Alpha—fast."
They haul the mound, carrying it tenderly, and start to pick up speed,
followed by the member of their order previously nestled in Beta's
bosom.
Beta squints slightly, watching them go.
She's raising them well.
These girls used to know nothing about combat. They'd never held a
sword, and it goes without saying that they'd never murdered
anyone before meeting her.
Page | 72
Beta is reminded of her own past, and old memories begin to
resurface.
She still remembers how it felt when she killed for the first time—her
sword piercing their heart, their hand grabbing hers. Beta couldn't
believe the strength of their grip even as they suffered a fatal wound.
"There's a short period of time when people can move after they've
been stabbed through the heart. Don't let your guard down. Hey,
Beta, are you listening?"
Beta was listening to Alpha's calm voice but couldn't understand
what she meant for the life of her.
She was paralyzed with fear—incapable of moving or thinking.
"You're impossible."
The head of her enemy soared through the air.
Alpha had beheaded him.
The corpse dropped to the floor, spurting blood that splatted Beta,
and large teardrops fell from her eyes.
"Find a reason to fight."
Those words sounded so cold.
Beta was a child who had trouble doing things on her own.
After joining the Shadow Garden, she always followed Alpha around.
After all, they were old acquaintances, and she knew she would go
down the right path if she stuck by Alpha's side.
But Beta couldn't find a reason to fight by following Alpha's
footsteps—or understand the importance of finding said motivation.
As a result, she couldn't get used to the idea of murder, vomiting
violently after killing someone on a mission and shaking in fear every
Page | 73
night as she tried to fall asleep. It wasn't unusual for her to wake up
screaming in the middle of the night.
On one particular evening, Shadow approached the tormented girl.
"Do you seek wisdom...?"
"Y-yes?" Beta answered all jittery as she cocked her head to the side.
In her eyes, he was enigmatic and extremely powerful.
"If you seek wisdom...I shall give it to you."
He might mean the knowledge of easing my emotional turmoil from
murdering others, she thought.
With great expectations, Beta nodded. "I—I want wisdom." Her voice
trembled.
"Then I shall give it to you..."
Shadow began telling a story. "Once upon a time, in a faraway place,
there was an old man and an old woman..."
It was an ordinary fairy tale—no smidgen of wisdom or anything else.
What the heck?
She wasn't sure how to respond—not that she was brave enough to
oppose the one revered by Alpha—and shut her trap to listen to his
story. It was more interesting than she'd initially imagined. In fact,
she realized she'd been so absorbed in the tale that she'd forgotten
the time.
That evening, Beta had a deep, peaceful night's rest.
And ever since then, Shadow recited a bedside story to Beta before
she went to sleep.
Beta had always been a bookworm, but she'd never heard any of his
tales before. They were gripping and original to her ears. Time flew
by as she listened to them, and she'd be fast asleep in no time—and
Page | 74
stopped jolting awake in the middle of the night. Her favorites were
"Cinderella" and "Snow White."
This may have been around the time Beta began chasing Shadow
with her eyes.
She noticed she was spending more and more time around him. At
first, she observed him with a timid gaze. But after a year had
passed, Beta was attached to him at the hip.
Shadow was indispensable to the Shadow Garden—absolute
strength, knowledge, and wisdom. His unconditionality comforted
Beta. Soon enough, she found he'd become a necessity to her, too.
She realized her doubts had disappeared somewhere along the way.
Without Shadow, Beta would have been killed for being possessed.
She'd been disowned by her family, chased out of her home country,
and this series of tragedies made Beta slow in processing her new
situation. She'd lost too much to notice her gains.
With her skepticism gone, Beta was able to realize something:
Shadow had given her a new life and strength.
She could feel this truth swelling in her heart.
Beta had found a reason to fight.
She began keeping a journal to write about him every day—for her
to keep in touch with her memories and feelings, for her to never
doubt anything again.
Beta had found a reason to live.
At first, she'd jotted down words and adjectives, but she noticed it
had turned into sentences, and that flourished into a story
somewhere along the way.
Page | 75
The faint sound of movement brings Beta back to reality. She
unsheathes her sword before approaching the loading deck and
peers under the wagon.
"Eek!"
She locks eyes with a young soldier about her age.
He panics and drags himself out of the confines, trying desperately to
escape.
He didn't know a thing when he chose to guard the carriage hauling
the possessed—and he will know nothing in death.
"S-stop...!"
Beta swings her sword down without hesitation, and blood squirts
out of his neck as he sprints for his life.
He staggers a few more steps before collapsing to the ground.
Swiping the blood spatter off her cheek, Beta gazes at the night sky,
where a full moon peeks out from between the clouds. Under the
moonlight, she smiles innocently—as if she's a lovely flower fraught
with danger in the night.
Beta has no doubts.
If it would make him happy, she would even walk down the path of
evil.
Page | 76
Page | 77
Page | 78
Chapter 2
Assuming the Role of a Side Character at
School!
I turned fifteen and started attending the Midgar Academy for Dark
Knights at the royal capital. This academy is known as the crème de
la crème of schools on our continent and where promising knights
gather not only from this nation but all over the world. I kept my
grades on the meh tier to blend in with the crowd and my eye on the
protagonists of my dreams.
One of them is Princess Alexia Midgar, the biggest fish of them all.
Honestly, even a chimpanzee would know she's on the top tier.
I've heard there's an ultra-famous super–big shot named Princess Iris
Midgar, but she already graduated, to my chagrin.
Anyway, I'll have you know that I unlocked a special event with
Princess Alexia...er, I mean, my punishment for losing a game. Yeah,
you've heard that right. I'm about to take part in your ye old
punishment of confessing to a girl.
Which brings us to the rooftop of the school. I face Princess Alexia
from a distance.
Her platinum hair is cut straight across at her shoulders, and her red
eyes are almond-shaped and, um, pretty? And she looks all aloof
with her perfect face. It's like Yeah, yeah, we get it already. She's
gorgeous. Yeah, whatever.
I hate to break it to you, but I'm bored of beautiful women, thanks to
Alpha and company. I prefer a touch of ugliness. It makes you
unique, you know.
Page | 79
Anyway, I'm not the only reckless challenger who's gone after Alexia.
It's been two months since the beginning of school, and more than a
hundred schmucks have already tried to win her over.
And all of them were met with one bitter phrase: "I'm not
interested."
I mean, I get it. I'm guessing she's got a political marriage or
something lined up for her when she graduates. I bet she's trying to
say she doesn't have time to engage in child's play.
That said, the aristocratic students in love with her share the same
fate—political marriage and all. But I think that's why they want to
have a little fun while they're still in school.
Well, it doesn't matter either way. In the end, it's nothing but the
amusement of those who know nothing of the shadow realm.
And it's my duty as a background character to join in on this charade.
To get brutally rejected by the most popular girl in school? I can't
think of a role more fitting for an extra. If I can get through this event
and play the role of a real loser, I will become my ideal and take
another step toward becoming a hidden mastermind.
I stay up all night to prepare for this moment. What should I say?
How should I confess to her...? This is gonna be the greatest
confession by a minor character of all time.
Choosing the right words is a given. But I take it a step further by
experimenting with articulation, pitch, and vibrato. I finally master
the ultimate confession.
On this day, at this very moment, I'm standing on the battlefield of a
lifetime.
Ready, fight.
It's a momentous battle for a background character.
Page | 80
Sure, shadowbrokers have their own way of combat, but fighting as a
side character creates a breed of its own.
Which means I'm gonna pull out all the stops as one.
I'm secure in my decision when I turn toward her.
Princess Alexia... She's standing there looking all high-and-mighty,
but I could unsheathe my sword and detach her neck from her torso
in a heartbeat. You're a human like the rest of us.
Watch closely.
I present to you, the greatest confession in the world!
"Pwinshesh A-A-A...Alexia."
Did you hear how I stuttered on the A-A-A? And that staccato? I
threw in a bit of vibrato, changed pitch midway through, and added a
lisp to Pwinshesh to give a convincing performance.
"I—I love you...!" I lower my eyes to evade her gaze, making sure my
knees are knocking against each other. "W-will you be my
girlfriend...?"
I choose to go with your average confession—cliché, if not boring.
But I let my pitch and tone go hog wild. And that upward lilt at the
end? It shows my complete lack of confidence.
It's perfect...!
This is the performance of my dreams. I'm satisfied! I'm completely
satisfied!
"Sure."
"Huh?" I'm pleased with myself and just about to leave when I
experience an auditory hallucination. "What did you just say?"
"I said...sure."
"Um, okay."
Page | 81
Something's not right.
"L-let's head back to campus together."
From there, I walk Princess Alexia to her dorm room. After a "See
you tomorrow" with a smile on my face, I head to my own room,
bury my face in my pillow, and scream at the top of my lungs.
"When did I become the protagonist of a roooooooooooomcom!!"
"It's weird, right?!"
"Bizarre."
"Absolutely bonkers."
It's the next day. I'm having at lunch in the cafeteria and just told my
two friends about yesterday. We're all in agreement: There's
definitely something strange going on.
"No offense, but Princess Alexia is way out of your league. If she said
yes to me? I'd still think it was fishy. Right?"
That's Skel, the second son of the Baron Etal. He's slim and tall, and
though it seems he cares about his outer appearance, he has zero
style. If you look at him from far away, he could trick you into
thinking he's hot. Erm, maybe not. I take that back.
Either way, Princess Alexia is way out of Skel Etal's league, too. I
know this for a fact, because I consider him my "minor character"
friend.
"If Cid's good enough for her, I bet I would've been good enough,
too. Gah, I really should have confessed to her earlier."
Page | 82
That's Po, the second son of the Baron Tato. He's short and
somewhat stocky. You know how there's one potato-esque guy on
every baseball team? That's basically him.
It doesn't matter if you look at him from afar, from up close, or from
any and all angles. With his looks, he could never scam anyone into
thinking he's cool. It goes without saying that he has absolutely no
chance with Princess Alexia. After all, he's your cold, hard
background character.
Oh, and by the way, my name's Cid. When I'm playing the part of Cid
Kagenou, I'm also playing the part of your average Joe.
"To be honest, it's terrible. I have a feeling she's got an ulterior
motive, which freaks me out. Plus, we basically live in two totally
different worlds."
"Yeah, I hear you. And unlike me, you're not blessed in the looks
department. I'd give it a week before she calls it quits."
"Three days. Just look around you."
I scan the cafeteria and see everyone whispering and observing me.
"Over there! That's..."
"You're kidding! He's super average..."
"It must be some kind of mix-up..."
"Oh, I think he's pretty cute..."
"No way!"
Et cetera.
"I heard he blackmailed her...according to Skel Etal."
"I'll kill that son of a bitch..."
"And make it look like an accident during practice..."
Page | 83
"If I don't do it now, I'd bring shame to mankind..."
And the like.
I've got pretty good ears, and I'd caught almost all their chatter. I
take a moment to glare at Skel.
"Hmm? What's up?"
"Nothing."
I guess friendships between minor characters can be fickle and
fleeting.
"But seriously, what do I do? It'd be weird if I mentioned breaking up
when I just confessed my love for her."
And it would break character to dump a princess—though I guess
people in this role wouldn't date them in the first place.
"Come on, give it a try. If you're lucky, you might make some nice
memories," Skel encourages with a sly grin.
"He's right. Let's say this is all a misunderstanding. You still get to
date a princess. Don't waste your time dealing with bullies," Po adds.
"It doesn't work that way."
Even as we waste time now, rumors about me will continue to
circulate around the school—meaning I'm getting pushed further
and further away from my existence as an average nobody.
"But now that you two are actually going out," Po muses, "you've
gotta stay quiet about losing that game."
"Yeah. I can see things getting messy if word got out. Please don't
say anything. I'm looking at you, Skel."
"Me? I'd never say anything!"
"I'm serious."
Page | 84
I sigh as I reach for my daily lunch for broke aristocrats—which costs
exactly 980 zeni. I'm starting to get annoyed by the vibe of this place.
I'm just going to eat as quickly as possible and skedaddle out of here.
Erm, well, that was the plan.
But a group of maids set the lunch course of the super-duper filthy
rich—which costs a whopping ten thousand zeni—in the seat across
from me with marked efficiency.
"Is this seat available?"
Enter Alexia. Ugh, I knew she was here. That's why I was trying to
scarf down my lunch.
"P-p-pwease do!"
"Y-y-you can sit here! It's our pleasure!"
Skel and Po respond, basically shriveling into nothing. These are the
same guys who were talking big game about how they could date her
if they wanted to. Yep, just as expected of my friends.
"Yeah, sure. Go ahead," I say to Princess Alexia, who's waiting for my
answer.
"I don't mind if I do," she replies, taking a seat.
"Nice weather we're having." It seems like an obvious way to fill the
silence.
"Indeed."
Our innocuous conversation continues, and with the elegant
movement of her hand, she starts eating her extravagant lunch.
"There's so much food in the super-duper filthy-rich lunch course."
"Yeah. I can never finish it."
"What a waste."
Page | 85
"I would be fine buying a cheaper lunch, but if I don't get the
expensive one, the others might feel too shy to ask for it."
"Uh-huh, I see. Can I eat your leftovers?"
"Yes, but..."
"Oh, don't worry about being polite around me. I mean, this is the
section for low-ranking aristocrats."
Alexia looks baffled as I swipe the meat from her main dish and cram
it into my mouth before she can get a word in edgewise.
Page | 86
Page | 87
Oh, it's good.
"Um..."
"Pass the fish."
"Wait...!"
Whoo-hoo, it's my lucky day. Thanks to the princess, I get to fill my
stomach, which is blissed the hell out. You might notice that my
attitude toward her has changed from yesterday and that I'm acting
super-casual around her.
And if you want to know why...
It's 'cause I'm in the middle of Operation: Get Dumped ASAP!
"Sigh... Sure, whatever."
"Thanks for the meal. See ya later."
"Halt!"
Dammit. My plan to dine and dash fails, and I reluctantly slink back
to my seat.
"I assume you're taking Royal Bushin for your practical elective in the
afternoon."
"Yurp."
The academy requires its students to take general courses in the
morning and practical electives in the afternoon. The former takes
place in set classrooms, but the latter is a mishmash of students from
all classes and grades. We're basically allowed to choose one of
many weapon arts electives that we feel suits us best.
"I'm in that class, too. I thought it'd be nice to take it together."
Page | 88
"Yeah, no. I mean, you're in section one. I'm in section nine."
Bushin arts is so popular that it has nine different sections, with fifty
students in each, divided up by skill level. For now, I'm performing
poorly enough to be in section nine, so I can scope things out. I plan
to eventually settle for section five.
"No, it's okay. With my recommendation, I got you into section one."
"It's totally not okay. I know that for a fact."
"Would you rather that I enroll in section nine?"
"No, stop. That'd make me look bad."
"It's one or the other. Choose."
"No."
"This is a royal order."
"I'm off to section one."
With that, lunch is over. Skel and Po were completely still from start
to finish, basically melting into the background.
"This place is huge...," I marvel the moment I step into the classroom
for section one. I can't help myself.
To put it simply, it looks like a ginormous gymnasium. In addition to
the standard locker room, it is fully equipped with a shower room, a
café, and a maid who opens the entrance, which technically makes it
a manually operated automatic door.
As for section nine, we meet outdoors—rain or shine, sleet or snow.
There isn't even a door for a maid to open, much less a maid.
Page | 89
To avoid getting bullied by the other students, I hastily change into
my uniform and wait for Alexia in the corner for a while.
"Let's loosen up," she suggests as soon as she enters the room in her
Bushin uniform.
Think plain cheongsam, one of those tight-fitting dresses you might
see in a movie about the 1920s, with a high leg slit. That's the
uniform for girls. Hers is black, which indicates she's one of the
strongest fighters. In Bushin, each color represents a different level
of strength: Black is at the top, and white is at the bottom.
I'm in white, obviously. And since I'm the only one in white in this
entire room, I stick out like a sore thumb.
I ignore the stares of other students—70 percent hostile, 30 percent
curious—and warm up with some light stretches.
"Interesting," remarks Alexia, mirroring my movements.
In this world, it's common knowledge that it's beneficial to loosen
your muscles before working out. But with no how-to guides on
stretching, everyone does it in their own way. I mean, if you're a diehard for sports, you'll hurt yourself if you don't stretch properly. I've
heard of others using magic to force their muscles to loosen up, but
this still affects their performance.
Alexia is well versed in that sense, which is nice. I mean, I'm a highmaintenance purist when it comes to battle. Like, I won't lose to the
average pretentious snob.
We're getting ready when class begins.
"Starting today, we have a new friend joining us," our instructor
starts, introducing me.
"I'm Cid Kagenou. It's nice to meet you."
There isn't a hint of friendliness in my classmates' eyes.
Page | 90
Ah, section one. A quick glance around, and I can already spot some
VIPs. That hot guy over there is the second son of a duke, and that
beauty is the daughter of the current leader of the Dark Knights.
Then there's our teacher, who's the fencing instructor for the
country. And on top of that, he's a young blond hunk who's only
twenty-eight years old.
"Let's welcome him to our class."
With that, we start training, suppressing our magic through
meditation first before practicing our swings and going over the
basics of swordplay.
Nice, nice. I'm all for reviewing the basics. They're important to
know. In section nine, we'd wave our swords for a few seconds and
play-fight the whole time. It's nice to see the strongest fighters value
their fundamentals. Plus, all the students are skilled. I can say it's a
neat environment—and I'm not trying to suck up or anything.
And most importantly, the techniques taught in this class are hyperlogical. It feels great to take part in training that doesn't leave me
bored out of my mind.
"Do ya like the Royal Bushin method?" Our hunky blond instructor
approaches me.
I think his name is Zenon Griffey.
"Does it seem that way?"
"Yeah, you look like you're enjoying yourself."
"I guess I am."
Mr. Zenon grins in an easy-breezy type of way. "As you know, the
Royal Bushin method is a relatively new fighting style, a deviation
from traditional Bushin. There was some resistance at first between
the traditional supporters and the trailblazers. But thanks to Princess
Page | 91
Iris, it's now being recognized as the artistic heir of its traditional
counterpart."
"And I hear you're one of the swordsmen who's spread the art
throughout the country, Mr. Zenon."
"Yeah, but my contributions are nothing compared to Princess Iris's.
In any case, the Royal Bushin method practically raised me, which is
why it makes me happy to see others enjoying it, too. Oh, I'm sorry. I
didn't mean to interrupt you."
With that, Mr. Zenon goes to check in on the other students. I totally
understand his feelings. I mean, I get all giddy when Alpha and the
other girls watch me show off my swordplay. I've developed these
techniques on my own, which makes me all the more excited when
others take them on, too.
"What did you two talk about?" Alexia asks.
"The Royal Bushin method."
"Hmm. We're going to spar next. Let's pair up."
Sparring is basically a form of light training where we review
techniques, reversals, and battle processes without actually hitting
our opponent.
"Aren't you too strong for me?"
"It'll be fine."
We pick up our wooden swords and start exchanging blows.
I swing, and she blocks.
She strikes, and I guard.
We don't hit each other, moving at a sluggish pace, and skimp on
magical energy. All around us, the other pairs are locked head-to-
Page | 92
head in all-out fights, blasting each other with spells. But to my
surprise, Alexia is matching my pace.
No. That's not it... This is normal for her. After all, the purpose of this
activity is to review our strategies, meaning that speed and power
are pointless. Alexia is focused on this goal—and that alone. I can tell
by the way she handles her sword.
This entire country sings the praises of Princess Iris, Alexia's older
sister—brilliant and fiendish, the strongest combatant in the
kingdom. On the other hand, they don't have much to say about
Alexia. She possesses magic and forthright techniques, but she's
inferior to her sister. That's what people generally say when talking
about Alexia.
But as I spar with her, I think she's good. She adheres to the basics
and grasps the foundations of combat, though it feels uninspired.
Yeah, it's run-of-the-mill. But that's the fruit of her labor: Her
swordplay is polished, refined, and devoid of all excess. That's the
proof that she's mastered the basics step-by-step.
Delta, you could learn a thing or two from her, I think, engaging in a
fake conversation with a certain hybrid beast—one whose
swordsmanship I find hard to forgive.
"Your swordplay isn't bad," Alexia notes.
"Thanks."
"But I don't like it."
She likes lifting me up to bring me down.
"It's like I'm watching myself fight. Let's stop here for today."
She begins packing up, leaving it at that. Class is over.
Page | 93
Never in my wildest dreams did I expect to get through this elective
without a hitch. If I can just get my stuff together, change, and book
it to my dorm room, I might be able to...
"Hold it."
My bubble bursts.
Alexia drags me by the nape of my neck.
"This is your answer, I'm guessing," observes Mr. Zenon, who's
standing in front of me for some reason.
"I've decided to go out with him."
"You can't keep running forever," he warns, narrowing his eyes.
"I'm just a kid. This situation is too grown-up for me," Alexia replies,
following it with a pompous burst of laughter.
This is enough for me to figure out how I could get into this section
and why she's chosen to go out with me. Watching their cutscene
play out and melting into the background, I pray these two
protagonists won't drag me into their drama.
"I know that Mr. Zenon is your fiancé and that you're pushing the
onus on me." I confront Alexia after school behind the academic
building.
"He's not my fiancé, just one of the suitors," Alexia corrects, looking
all calm and composed.
"It's the same thing."
"It's not. He keeps pressing the issue as if it's a done deal, and it's
stressing me out."
Page | 94
"That has nothing to do with me. I hate to break it to you, but I have
no plans to get sucked into this mess."
"You're awfully cold for a lover."
"A lover? Come on. You just needed a red herring to take the fall for
you. Isn't that right?"
"Fine. But that goes for both of us," she quips, a devious smile
spreading across her face.
"Both of us? What the hell are you talking about?"
"Playing dumb, huh? Mr. I-confessed-to-a-girl-as-a-punishment, Cid
Kagenou." Her grin broadens.
Okay...hold up. Let's chill out for a sec.
"Oh, to play with the heart and purity of a maiden," she laments.
"How cruel."
Says the girl without a trace of purity in her entire body. Alexia lets
a few fake tears fall from her eyes.
It's okay. I'm totally calm.
"I have no idea what you're talking about. Do you have any proof?"
Right, evidence first. As long as the guys didn't stab me in the back, it
won't matter how suspicious she is of my intentions...
"I think his name's Po. When I approached him, he turned bright red
and blabbed everything, including things I didn't ask about. Nice
friend you've got there."
I imagine myself beating him into a pile of mashed potatoes to regain
my mental composure.
"Are you all right? Your cheeks look all puffy."
"I'm fine. I break into a smile 'cause I'm broken inside."
"Oh. Huh."
Page | 95
"But I'm not as bad as you."
"Hmm? Did you say something?"
"Nothing. What do you want from me...?"
I have no choice but to accept defeat. My fatal flaw is choosing the
wrong friends.
"Well..." Alexia crosses her arms and leans against the wall of the
academic building. "Let's keep pretending we're together for now—
until that man gives up."
"I'm only the son of a baron, you know. I'm not enough to stop him."
"I know. I just need to buy time. I'll figure something out."
"And I don't want you to put me in harm's way. I mean, the dude is a
master swordsman. If things don't work out, I'm gonna get my ass
handed to me."
"Stop whining," Alexia snaps before fishing some coins out of her
pocket and scattering them onto the ground. "Pick them up," she
orders.
Each coin is worth ten thousand zeni, and I count at least ten on the
floor.
"What? Do I look like I'd be swayed by cash?" I ask from all fours,
carefully retrieving the coins one by one.
"You do."
"You're damn right."
Eleven...twelve...thirteen coins... Oh, snap! I found another one!
Just as I extend my hand to collect the last coin, she stomps on the
change with her loafer.
I look up at Alexia, and her red eyes bear down on me.
Page | 96
I can see up her pleated skirt.
"Are you going to do as I say?" she asks with a grin that oozes
wickedness.
"Of course." I smile from ear to ear.
"Good dog."
Alexia pats my head before briskly walking away with her short skirt
billowing behind her. I wipe her footprint from the coin and gently
place it in my pocket.
Even as I attend the academy, I continue cutting down on sleep to
keep training, but this fake courtship with Alexia is really sucking up
my time.
"Come with me."
With this order, I'm dragged into the classroom for section-one
students in the Royal Bushin elective at the wee hours of the
morning. We're the only ones here. The sun is streaming into the
room, and it's peaceful.
It's time for morning practice.
Alexia swings her sword, and I follow suit next to her.
She's very serious when it comes to practice. It's the one thing I don't
mind about her. We never speak, just practice in absolute silence,
and I'm not annoyed about spending time with her—for once in my
life.
"Your swordplay is strange," Alexia comments. "You've got the basics
down. That's it, but..." She pauses.
Page | 97
I'm obviously subduing my strength, magic, and abilities as I slice
through the air. Which leaves me with the fundamentals.
"...But I can't take my eyes off it."
"Thanks."
I can hear the birds chirping outside, but I know they aren't whistling
a tune to themselves. It's a war cry to claim their territory, which
means they're really duking it out.
"But I still don't like it," Alexia adds.
We don't speak after that. We just keep practicing.
Two more weeks pass, and I'm somehow managing to survive as
Alexia's "boyfriend."
Every once in a while, the other students will bully me, but it's
nothing I can't handle. I'm just relieved Mr. Zenon hasn't beaten the
living shit out of me or availed himself of any quick and savage tricks
to erase me from existence.
In fact, Mr. Zenon is polite to the two of us during class, instructing
us as if he and I don't have beef with each other. He doesn't
approach me to shoot the breeze anymore, but I would say he's a
proper adult who can keep his work and private life separate.
And then there's the royal pain in my ass.
"That jerkwad pisses me off. Thinks he's all that just because he's all
right with a sword."
Alexia acts nice to his face, but behind closed doors, she's a
foulmouthed tornado.
Page | 98
"Uh-huh, yup. Whatever you say."
I've turned into a yes machine. By this point, I know disagreeing only
wastes time.
"Pooch, I'm guessing you saw his fake-ass grin, too."
"Yep, yep. I saw it all right."
We're on our way home after school.
Of late, we've gotten into the habit of taking a small detour down a
quiet path through the forest on the way back to her dorm. I spend
the whole time yessing her and seldom retain more than 10 percent
of our conversations.
It's sunset as we walk at an excruciatingly slow pace down the road.
It should take ten minutes to walk its entirety, but it always takes us
half an hour.
There are days it takes so long that the stars come out, but I keep my
cool. There are days when I feel like telling her to talk to a brick wall,
but I show some self-restraint then, too.
Patience, patience, patience. But there's one thing I feel I have to
say.
"Hey, can I ask you something?"
"What is it, Fido?" Alexia sits on her favorite stump and crosses her
legs.
Don't just sit there. Let's get a move on, I don't say as I sit down
beside her.
"What don't you like about Mr. Zenon? Objectively speaking, he
seems like a home run of a husband."
"Have you been listening to me at all?" Alexia asks, slightly vexed. "I
hate everything about him. His very existence."
Page | 99
"I mean, he's a hot expert swordsman with titles, prestige, money—
not to mention a good work-life balance and personality. And he's
popular with the ladies."
Alexia snorts. "Yeah, on the surface. Anyone could pretend. Take me,
for an example."
"Wow, I'm suddenly completely convinced."
Now that she mentions it, she's super-popular because she's the
master at wearing a mask in front of others.
"That's why I don't judge people by their looks."
"Then what do you look at?"
"Their flaws." Alexia smiles smugly.
"What a negative approach. It suits you perfectly."
"Why, thank you. And just so you know, I don't mind you, even
though you've got nothing going for you."
"Thanks. I've never received a compliment that's made me feel
worse."
Alexia chuckles dryly. "You're scum through and through, and I like it
that way. It's also why I can't stand our instructor."
"What are his flaws?"
"He doesn't seem to have any."
"Sounds like a keeper."
"I told you before: Perfect people don't exist. I bet he's either a big
fat liar or totally messed up in the head."
"I see. Thanks for that totally arbitrary and biased answer."
"You're welcome, my flawed pooch. Now fetch!" Alexia tosses a coin
into the air, and I scramble to retrieve it.
Page | 100
Whoo-hoo! Another ten thousand zeni. I'm gonna catch 'em all.
I shove the coin in my pocket and return to Alexia, who's clapping
her hands in delight.
"Good doggy." She rubs my head.
Patience, I tell myself.
"Ooh, you hate this so much," she observes as she vigorously tousles
my hair.
I take this opportunity to remember she's the worst.
"I can see the disgust in your face," Alexia notes.
"I'm letting you see it."
She giggles and gets up. "All right. Let's head home."
"Yep, yep."
"And, Fido, note that I'm going to lodge my wooden sword into that
damned instructor's face tomorrow. Make sure you're watching."
This compels me to ask another question.
"Would you seriously do that?"
"What do you mean?" she replies, turning back to glare at me.
I think I'm butting into something when I should stay in my lane. But I
can't let this slide.
"Mr. Zenon is definitely stronger than you but not to the point where
you wouldn't be able to fight back."
I like the way she handles her sword. Her skills evolve every day with
her efforts, one step at a time. But in an actual fight, there would be
too many extra movements. I would hate to see it sully her
swordsmanship, especially since I think it's good.
Page | 101
"You make it sound so easy. Even though you're the one wearing
white."
"Don't mind me. It's just the ramblings of a white coat."
"Fine, I'll let you know the truth. It's not as easy as you think."
"Hmm?"
"I have no talent. I was born with a significant amount of magical
energy, and I've worked hard to get to this point. I think I'm all right
now, but I know I don't stand a chance against a true genius."
"Maybe."
"I've always been compared to my older sister, Iris. Everyone
expected great things from me. And more importantly, I respected
Iris and wanted to be at her level. But I realized I'll never be as good
as her. I mean, we weren't born on the same playing field. I tried my
best to get stronger. But I'm guessing you already know how people
describe my fighting style."
There's a certain phrase that's always uttered when the two sisters
are compared.
"The swordplay of an amateur."
"That's right. And yours is, too. How unfortunate." Alexia flashes me
a lopsided smirk.
"I don't think it's unfortunate. I like your swordplay."
Alexia reacts by holding her breath for a moment and scowling.
"I've been told that before. By Iris—when she beat me onstage at
the Bushin Festival." Alexia curls her lips and imitates her sister: "'I
like your swordplay.'
"She doesn't understand me at all. I felt pathetic, and she had no
idea. Ever since then, I've always hated the way I fight."
Page | 102
Alexia smiles, but I don't know why. At the very least, I know she isn't
happy.
There's something I need to tell her. If I don't say it now, I'll be
stabbing myself in the back.
"You know, I'm as apathetic as they come. If there was a catastrophe
that wiped out a million people on the other side of the world, it
wouldn't affect me. If you went nuts and became a serial killer, I
wouldn't be bothered," I say.
"If I lost my mind, you'd be the first person I'd kill."
"But there are certain things I care about. They might be insignificant
to others, but to me, they're more precious than anything. I live this
life protecting these few things. Which is why I really mean what I'm
about to tell you."
One simple phrase.
"I like your swordplay."
After a brief silence, Alexia replies, "So what?"
"Nothing. I guess the main takeaway is that it peeves me when other
people tell me what I can and can't like. That's all."
"I see." Alexia pivots on her heels. "I'm heading home alone today."
And then she walks away.
"It's been a while since the three of us have eaten together,"
comments Po the Traitor.
"That's 'cause he was dining with the princess every day," adds Skel.
"Shit happens," I say.
Page | 103
It's the first time in a long while that the three of us sit together in
the cafeteria. Alexia isn't here, which is rare.
"Come on, Cid, cheer up."
"Yeah! Real men don't hold grudges, you know."
"We even bought you the lunch for broke aristocrats today, costing
nine hundred and eighty zeni."
"Our treat! Let bygones be bygones, and let's be friends again."
"All right already." I let out a heavy sigh.
"Yeah, that's our man!"
"Thanks for forgiving us, Cid."
"Whatever."
"So how far did you get?" Skel asks, holding back his excitement.
"With what?"
"Well, did you do the deed with the princess? You've been dating a
whole two weeks, so you must've done something."
I know we're about to have a dumb conversation, based solely on
the fact that he said "Do the deed."
"We didn't do anything. That would never happen."
"Huh. You're a friggin' wuss. I would've gone all the way for sure."
"Right? I would've smooched her—at the very least."
"I told you. Our relationship isn't like that." I deflect and nod through
their conversation indifferently as I chow down.
"Can I have a moment?"
Enter Mr. Zenon, the blond-haired hunk.
"Yes, of course!"
Page | 104
"By all means!"
With that, my two pals melt into the background again.
"Can I help you?" I ask, slightly on guard. I'm wary that he might pull
something while Alexia's not around.
"Indeed. You might have heard already, but Alexia hasn't returned to
her dormitory since yesterday."
This is the first I've heard of it. I'm guessing she's gone off on a
journey to find herself or whatever. The timing seems about right for
her age.
"I was searching for her this morning when I found this." Mr. Zenon
holds out a loafer in one hand.
It's Alexia's.
"There's evidence of a struggle nearby. The Knight Order is
investigating this case as a potential kidnapping."
"No way...!" I shout in torment as I vigorously fist pump in my mind.
Ha! Serves you right, princess!!
"We narrowed the culprit down to the person who last came into
contact with her." Mr. Zenon looks me square in the eye. "The Knight
Order would like to have a word with you."
I notice the entire Order is in full gear, standing menacingly at the
entrance of the cafeteria.
"I'm assuming you'll cooperate, right?"
That's when it hits me.
This ain't good.
Page | 105
Page | 106
Page | 107
Chapter 3
My Official Beginning as a Mastermind in
Action!
I was interrogated in a room comparable to a detention cell and
released after five days. It's evening now.
"Go on. Scram."
They shove me out of the building and chuck my suitcase behind me.
I'm in nothing but my underwear, and I rummage through my
suitcase to change and shove my feet into my shoes. It takes me a
while to get dressed. I'm guessing it has to do with the fact that all
my fingernails were ripped off.
When I get everything on, I heave out a big sigh and start walking. I
stand out among the people on the busy street since I'm beaten up
and drenched in my own blood.
I sigh again. "Chill out, relax. There's no point getting worked up over
every little thing."
I manage to stay calm by blocking the faces of the interrogating
knights out of my mind.
"They were just doing their job."
Their punches only left surface-level wounds on my body. If I felt like
it, I could grow my missing fingernails back. But I don't, because I'm
fully immersed in acting out my role as a nobody.
"Yeah, I'm always cool and collected."
Right. Calm.
Page | 108
I let out another long exhale, and my field of vision clears. I pay
attention to my surroundings and sense strange shadows lurking
behind me.
"Two of them are tailing me."
The kidnapper hasn't been caught. Which obviously means that the
state of Alexia's well-being is up in the air.
Just because I've been released doesn't mean it's all sunshine and
roses. They just don't have enough evidence to convict me, and my
name hasn't been cleared yet.
I trudge back to my dorm room, pretending to hang my head from
exhaustion.
"Later...," whispers a quiet voice.
It reaches my ears, accompanied with the faint scent of a familiar
perfume.
"Alpha...?"
But I can't find her anywhere among the city folk scurrying past one
another on the main road after sunset.
When I flick the lights on in my dorm room, the silhouette of a girl
emerges from the darkness.
"You must be hungry."
Her black suit fits her perfectly, accentuating her feminine curves.
She's holding out a sandwich with a thick slab of tuna in her hand
from Tuna King, the famous restaurant in the capital.
"Thanks. It's been a while, Alpha. Where's Beta?"
Page | 109
I'm famished after not eating a proper meal in five days, and I devour
the sandwich. Beta is the one who's supposed to be on rotation to
assist me.
"She contacted me. What a mess." Alpha sits cross-legged on the
bed.
There's a nostalgic quality to her shiny golden locks that trail down
her back and those blue eyes the shape of almonds. She's grown up
since last time.
"Yep." I stuff the last piece of sandwich into my mouth.
"There's water in there."
"Thanks." I chug it from a large glass. "Ahhh! I'm alive again."
I strip off my jacket and shoes and dive into bed.
"Hey, at least change out of your clothes."
"Can't. Gonna go to bed now."
"Don't you know the position you're in?"
"I'll leave the preparations to you."
Alpha is brilliant. She'll prepare the best stage for our performance if
I just let her do her thing. Until then, I'm gonna sleep... I mean, save
up my energy.
Alpha lets out a frustrated sigh. "I'm sure you already know this, but
they're going to think you're the culprit if you don't do something."
"True that."
If the real culprit is never found, I can almost guarantee the next
suspect in line will be punished. Especially since this involves the
kidnapping of a royal. Someone has to die or else the case will never
be closed.
Ya gotta love the Middle Ages.
Page | 110
"Wake up. I've got more sandwiches."
"I'm awake."
Alpha hands them over. "Someone is trying to escalate the situation
and frame you as the culprit."
"Huh. Like, I'm gonna be convicted even if they don't do anything?"
"I'm guessing they want to settle this matter quickly, and an
unassuming student from a poor noble family is the perfect target."
"Agreed. I would do the same thing."
"We can't trust the Knight Order."
"Has the Cult infiltrated them?"
"Yes, without a doubt. The abductor is a member of the Cult. Their
goal is to obtain high concentrations of the blood of the heroes."
The girls are still pretending that there's a Cult—for me. What a
great bunch.
"Is she still alive?"
"If she dies, they won't be able to extract any more of her blood."
"True."
"Though I'm not sure why you decided to woo the princess." Alpha
glares at me.
"That's not how it happened."
"I'm sure you have your reasons—reasons you can't tell us."
I don't let out another peep and avert my eyes to avoid her gaze. I
have no real reason, of course.
"I understand. I know you're struggling with something deep down in
your heart."
Page | 111
How do I respond when that's totally not the case?
"But I hope you can trust us even a little bit more. If you told us
about this earlier, it wouldn't have gotten out of hand. Don't you
agree?"
"Y-yeah."
"It's okay. Our job is to make sure you're covered," she adds with a
smile. "Once we solve this case, you're treating me to Tuna King.
That last sandwich was supposed to be mine."
"Of course. Sorry for stealing your sandwich, Alpha."
"Don't worry about it," she insists, standing up and heading to the
window.
Once she gets it open, she hooks one foot out of the room, wiggling
her tiny hips.
"I'll be leaving now. Lay low for a while."
"Got it. What's our strategy?"
"We'll assemble an army. There aren't enough members in the
capital. And I believe we should summon Delta."
"You're sending for Delta?"
"She wants to see you."
Gunshot Delta. Otherwise known as Suicide Weapon Delta. Put
simply, she's a blockhead who's spent all her experience points on
her battle skills.
A little reunion would be nice, I guess. I'm begging that all of them
turned out all right.
"I'll let you know the details when the preparations are complete.
See you soon."
Page | 112
Alpha flashes me a final smile before yanking on her bodysuit to hide
her face and slipping out the window into the night.
"Is that the end of your report?" asks a redheaded beauty.
Her fiery, straight hair reaches to the small of her back, illuminated
under the flickering lights of a candle, and her wine-red eyes are set
on the investigation papers on her desk. The reporting knight blushes
in the presence of her poise and allure.
"Y-yes, Princess Iris. We'll continue our search to the best of our
abilities."
Iris nods, cuing him to take his leave.
When the door clicks closed behind him, Iris is left alone with a
handsome man with blond hair.
"Marquess Zenon. Thank you for your cooperation."
"The incident took place on school grounds. I was responsible for
keeping her safe, and more importantly, I'm worried about her wellbeing..."
He lowers his eyes and bites his lower lip in frustration.
"You had to attend to your duties as an expert swordsman. No one
blames you. And we don't have time to point fingers right now. We
need to focus on getting Alexia back safe and sound."
"I suppose you're right..."
"Another thing." Iris stops speaking for a moment and snaps the
report closed. "Is it true that this Cid Kagenou is most likely the
perpetrator?"
Page | 113
"I don't want to believe one of our students could be the culprit, but
based on the circumstances, I have to say I find him
suspicious...though I don't think he's strong enough to overpower
Alexia in a duel." Mr. Zenon tacks on the last bit, carefully choosing
his words.
Page | 114
Page | 115
"Which means he either had an accomplice or drugged her. But he
didn't crack during interrogation. Do you really think it's him?" Iris
asks.
"I can't say for certain. But I want to believe him."
Iris nods and narrows her eyes. "I have my most trusted knights
surveilling him. We'll wait for the next report."
"I pray for Alexia's safety." Mr. Zenon offers a bow before taking his
leave.
Just as he opens the door, a young girl skids through it into the room.
"Your Highness! Please listen!"
"Claire! What are you doing here? Excuse us, we'll be leaving!"
Mr. Zenon grabs the girl with black hair, Claire Kagenou, attempting
to push her out of the room.
"Marquess Zenon, who is she?"
He halts. "She's..."
"Claire Kagenou! I'm Cid's older sister!"
"Claire! Sh-she's currently one of our top students, and she's
shadowing the members of the Knight Order."
"I see... All right. I'll listen."
"Thank you so much!" Claire exclaims, approaching Iris and pleading
her case. "My brother would never kidnap Princess Alexia! This must
be a mistake!"
Page | 116
"The Knight Order is taking every precaution in its search to avoid
any mistakes. It hasn't been confirmed that your brother is the
criminal."
"Yes, but if no one finds the real culprit, he'll take the fall!"
"Our knights are carefully investigating the matter. I can assure you
that no one will be wrongfully convicted."
"But!"
"Claire!" Mr. Zenon warns, stopping Claire from desperately pressing
Iris any further. "Settle down. I know how you feel, but any more
would be an insult to the Knight Order."
"Ksh...!" Claire lets out before glaring at Zenon and then Iris. "If
anyone lays a hand on my brother, I'll...!"
"That's enough!!" Mr. Zenon cuts her off and yanks her out of the
room.
Slam.
Iris lets out a sigh, staring at the closed door behind them.
"Huh. We feel the same way about our respective families...," Iris
murmurs. "Alexia, I hope you're all right..."
The two sisters used to be close, but somewhere along the way, they
started drifting apart. In fact, they haven't spoken in years, and Iris
knows they may never again.
"Alexia..."
Iris shuts her wine-red eyes and lets a single tear trail down her face.
Page | 117
When Alexia opens her eyes, she finds herself in a dimly lit room
with no windows and a candle as the only source of light. A heavy
door is embedded in the stone wall before her.
"Where am...?"
She doesn't remember anything after saying good-bye to Fido on her
way home from school.
Upon shifting her body, Alexia hears the clang of metal striking metal
and looks down to see her limbs bound to a low table.
"A magical restraint..."
That means her magic is being subdued, and it might be tough for
her to escape on her own.
Who brought her here and for what purpose? She goes down the list
of possibilities: Abduction, blackmail, human trafficking... There's no
definitive answer. Though Alexia may not be the heir to the throne,
she knows she has enough leverage as a princess to attract criminals.
That said, she has too little information to figure out the current
situation.
She takes a step back. A new thought pops into her mind.
Is Fido okay?
Yeah, Fido. An asshole of a friend. But she likes him for speaking his
mind without fear.
If he's dragged into this mess, his life would be... Alexia stops herself
from finishing that thought, shaking her head to clear it before
scanning the room.
A stone wall, a steel door, a candlestick, and...something that looks
like a black pile of trash. That heap is chained up for some reason,
seated beside her.
Page | 118
Alexia is staring at it curiously when she thinks she sees it move
slightly.
It's breathing—something in tattered clothes.
"Can you hear me? Can you understand—...?!"
The being turns to look at her.
It's a creature.
Alexia has never seen one this malnourished before. She can barely
make out its eyes, nose, and mouth in its black, festering face. Its
entire body is distorted and bloated, and its right arm is longer than
Alexia's legs. In contrast, its left arm is thinner and stumpier than
hers, and there is a protrusion in its body as if it is carrying
something in its stomach.
The creature is right next to Alexia.
Her hands and feet are chained to the table, but it's only bound by its
neck. If it were to just extend its long arm, the monstrosity could
potentially touch her.
Alexia hushes her breath, averting her eyes to avoid provoking it.
She's being observed.
There is a long pause that seems to freeze time...and then its chains
begin to rattle.
Alexia shifts her gaze to the side, and the creature is lying facedown
as if it has fallen asleep. She heaves a huge sigh of relief.
It isn't long before the door opens.
"Finally. I've finally got you." A lanky man in a white coat enters the
room.
Page | 119
His cheeks are sunken, his eyes caved in, and his lips cracked. The
little wisps of hair left on his thinning head are slicked down with the
oil from his scalp, from which wafts a dreadful smell.
Alexia calmly watches the man.
"Royal blood, royal blood, royal blood."
Royal blood.
As the man in the white coat repeats this phrase, he retrieves a
device equipped with a thin syringe. Maybe he's planning on drawing
her blood. The castle doctor took it many times before.
But she doesn't know why this man would kidnap a princess for her
blood.
"May I ask you a question?" Alexia asks coolly.
"Hmm, hmm?" A strange gurgle emerges from the man.
"What will you use it for?"
"Y-y-you have the blood of a demon. I'll use it to resurrect them in
the modern day."
"I see. Pretty neat idea you've got there."
Although she can't understand what he's trying to say, she's very
aware he's gone completely mad and realizes he must be motivated
by religion—or something.
"Hey, I'll have a hard time staying alive if you take too much blood.
I'm not ready to die, you know."
"Heh-heh-heh... I kn-know. I want all the blood you can give me. I'll
siphon bit by bit from you each day."
"Yes, please do."
Page | 120
As long as he needs her blood, he won't kill her. Which is why she
keeps docile and doesn't try to resist. For the time being, she decides
to wait to be rescued instead.
"Th-th-this wasn't supposed to happen. I blame those morons for all
this."
"Uh-huh, I hate idiots, too."
She stares at the man in the white coat as she mumbles under her
breath, "Because dealing with them wears me out."
"They destroyed my...my laboratory. It all started with that dumbass
Grease."
"Uh-huh, dumbass Grease is the one who started it."
"And then they kept coming and coming and—Aaaghh!"
"That's a shame. I'm sorry to hear that."
"Yes! Yes, it is! My research is almost done! If I don't finish it soon, I'll
be banished...banished...!"
"That sounds terrible."
"C-curse it all! That good-for-nothing...nothing!"
The man in the white coat approaches the chained creature and
punts it as far as its chain will allow. He kicks it over and over,
stomping on its body, as the creature all but keeps still, huddling into
itself.
"Weren't you going to take my blood?"
"Oh, right. Right. With your blood... With your blood, everything will
be complete."
"Good for you."
The man in the white coat readies the device and sets the syringe
against her arm.
Page | 121
"With this... With this, it will be complete... I—I won't be banished."
"Don't hurt me."
It'll make me want to clock you, Alexia adds in her mind.
The needle enters her arm, which she watches as though someone
else's blood is filling the glass tube.
"Heh-heh...heh-heh-heh..."
When it's full, the man in the white coat lovingly carries it out of the
room, and Alexia waits for the door to close before releasing a heavy
sigh.
I've prepared everything for this day.
Two days after I'm released from interrogations, I look through the
prized mastermind collection in my dorm room and grab everything
of potential use.
These cigars...aren't fitting for my age. But this vintage wine...a rare
collector's bottle worth nine hundred thousand zeni from Pordeaux
in the southwest of French. Yes, it's perfect for tonight—when the
moon remains hidden behind the clouds. Now, I'll pair it with my
finest glassware... This Buitton is the best in French and costs
450,000 zeni. And with this antique lamp and that elusive painting
The Shriek, which I just so happened to stumble upon, on the wall...
Voilà. Fantastic.
Oh, my heart is full.
I've hunted bandits and scrounged for coins on my hands and knees,
all for this.
Page | 122
Tears of joy stain my cheeks as I gaze upon my bedroom—a product
of my superior collection. All I have to do is set up the invitation I just
received today and wait.
I will wait for that moment.
Waiting.
Waiting...
And waiting...!
Then...the moment arrives.
I murmur to myself at the same time the girl in ebony enters through
the window.
"The time is ripe... The shadows run the world tonight..."
Yes. I've prepared everything for this day...
"The time is ripe... The shadows run the world tonight..."
Those were the words he used to greet his underling, Beta.
He sits in a chair with his legs crossed, his back to his subordinate. It
might be unguarded, but Beta knows that it's distant and lives in a
world completely separate from hers.
The wineglass in his hand glows in the light of the antique lamp. It's
even clear to Beta, who isn't too familiar with alcohol, that he's
casually sipping on one of the rarest, most unattainable wines of all
time.
Beta is stunned not only by the luxury items that color his room but
also by the painting she spots on his wall. The unobtainable
masterpiece The Shriek. No amount of cash could ever purchase this
Page | 123
work of art. Beta almost asks how he came to possess the painting,
but she suddenly realizes it would be meaningless and stops herself
in time.
Everything falls into his hands because he is who he is.
That explains it all.
It's only natural for him to own The Shriek. In fact, even if one
searched every corner of the world, one could never find a more
suitable owner for that painting than Shadow.
"A world of shadows. The clouds cascade over the moon tonight.
How fitting. For us," Beta adds.
Shadow silently glances at her and places his mouth on the rim of his
glass.
"We're ready."
"Uh-huh."
He knows everything. Or perhaps it's his omniscient tone that
creates this illusion. Well, the truth is, he actually knows almost
everything Beta is about to say.
But Beta continues to speak regardless, as is her duty.
"Under Lady Alpha's command, we've assembled all the people in
the area and mobilized them in the capital. There are one hundred
fourteen in total."
"A hundred fourteen?"
"—...gh!"
Is that too few?
Considering the strength of the Shadow Garden, she imagined that
114 new members would be more than enough.
But it doesn't take long for Beta to realize she misunderstood him.
Page | 124
After all, these people are supporting characters, and less than 10
percent of them are qualified for the job. He's the star of tonight's
show. As sidekicks to bring the main character's story to light, 114
seems outrageously small in number.
"I'm s-sorr—...!"
"You've hired extras...?" Shadow asks, interrupting her, but that last
word isn't in Beta's vocabulary. "Never mind. Just talking to myself."
"Understood."
Beta doesn't inquire any further, because she knows his words
contain more depth than she could ever fathom, and she has neither
the right nor the power to ask for more details.
That said, she can't stop hoping for a day when she'll stand beside
him and support his every secret. But until then, she's going to keep
these feelings hidden.
She continues to speak.
"Our strategy is to launch synchronized attacks against the hideouts
of the Fenrir sect in the Cult of Diablos scattered throughout the
capital. At the same time, we'll search for traces of Princess Alexia's
magic. Once we locate her whereabouts, we'll switch plans and
prioritize her rescue."
Shadow nods, silently encouraging her to keep going.
"Gamma will handle tactical commands. Lady Alpha will command
the battlefield, and I will serve as her assistant. Epsilon will lead
support from behind, and Delta will ambush them, marking the
beginning of our entire operation. The troops will be formed by..."
Shadow raises his hand, stopping short her detailed explanation.
He's holding a letter.
"An invitation," he adds, flicking it behind him.
Page | 125
Beta catches the sheaf of paper, which he urges her to read.
"This is..." She trails off, shocked and angered by the crass message.
"Send my apologies to Delta...but this prelude is mine to perform."
"Yes, we'll make sure that happens."
"Come with me, Beta." He turns to her. "Tonight, the world will find
out who we are."
Beta trembles with joy upon knowing she gets to fight beside him.
The ransom note brought him to the forest path deep in the woods.
Shadow makes his appearance in his school uniform, close to where
Princess Alexia was abducted, and Beta covertly lurks a short
distance away from him.
It only takes a little while before he senses two energies
approaching.
Something flies in his direction, which he catches in one hand and
glances at.
"Is this...Alexia's shoe?" he mutters.
And then they appear—two men on the path.
"Hey there, chick magnet. What're you doing with Princess Alexia's
shoe?"
"Ooh, and it contains traces of magic. You're the culprit, Cid
Kagenou."
Both are in the armor of the Knight Order. There's no doubt they're
the ones who interrogated him before.
Page | 126
"I see. That's what you're trying to do."
The men unabashedly sneer at Cid's words.
"If you'd cracked sooner, we wouldn't have had to get in this mess."
"You could've gone through it without getting messed up."
The two wield their swords and brazenly close the distance
separating them from Cid.
How stupid... Beta can't find the words to describe their idiocy.
"Okay, Cid Kagenou. You're under arrest for the abduction of a
princess."
"Don't fight back. Struggling will get you nowhere."
One of them haughtily chuckles as he thrusts his sword toward Cid.
"Hmm?"
But Cid has stopped the blade with two of his fingers. Then, there's a
flash of light as his right foot grazes the man's neck.
Blood subsequently erupts from that exact location.
There's an ebony dagger sticking out of Cid's right shoe.
"AAAH... Agh...augh!!" The knight drops to the ground, clutching his
neck.
He'll die in time.
"You bastard!!" His partner panics and tries to slash Cid, but his
attack is too simple and careless.
Cid dodges by tilting his head, then literally swipes the man off his
feet, leaving him empty below the knees.
"Aaaaaaaggghhhhh!!" shrieks the knight as blood gushes from his
thighs, which he clutches. "My...my leeeeegs...!"
Page | 127
He starts crawling away from Cid.
"D-don't think you can get away with hurting the Knight Order, you
swine...! I-if we die, you're gonna be the first one they suspect!"
Cid leisurely treads the man's trail of blood and draws closer.
"E-eek...! I-it's over for you...! Over...!" screeches his prey,
desperately and fumblingly dragging himself across the ground.
"When dawn breaks...they'll find the corpses of two knights."
"Y-yeah! Come morning, it's game over...!"
The man inches forward. Cid follows his bloody path.
"But you don't have to worry anymore."
It's at that very moment the fool realizes that Cid is behind him.
"Eek!"
There's a flash of light from Cid's right leg.
"Because when dawn breaks...everything will be done."
The man's head is flung into the sky, and Cid turns around, blood
raining down on him. Beta shudders at the sight.
But Cid is no longer there in his school uniform.
Instead, there's Shadow, head to toe in ebony. Adorned in an inky
bodysuit and boots, he holds a black katana in his hand as his coat
sways in the breeze. His hood hangs over his forehead, hiding the
upper half of his face. Only the lower half sees light. It's as if he's
wearing a magician's mask, where the only real visible parts of him
are his mouth and the red eyes peering out from the darkness.
After nearly fainting upon seeing his commanding and arresting
silhouette, Beta hastily retrieves The Chronicles of Master Shadow
from between her breasts and draws a rough sketch of the scene.
Page | 128
Next to it, she records his utterings from that day. And voilà. All this
takes but five seconds.
On an unrelated note, these drawings and lists of his catchphrases
comprise the wallpaper in Beta's bedroom. Writing a new entry in
The Chronicles of Master Shadow every night before bed brings her
one of her greatest joys in life.
The roar of a distant explosion drags her back to reality.
"Is that Delta...? Nocturne has begun. Let's go, Beta."
"O-okay! Coming!"
Beta stuffs the notepad back into her cleavage and dashes after him.
And, of course, Shadow is totally unaware that she's done any of that
in the first place.
"Eek... What the hell are you? We've done nothing to deserve this!"
A sea of blood.
That's what this is. And there's a man screaming in the middle of it.
It has come unannounced. Without any warning or stating its
reasons, it burst through the wall and commenced its slaughter.
Yet another man becomes prey to its black katana blade.
No one wants to fight it. The men wish to make a hasty escape and
nothing more. But it is blocking the only exit.
"What have we ever done to you?! Nothing, right?!"
It turns to the man and starts to cackle.
"Eek...!"
Page | 129
From behind its ebony mask, it laughs viciously.
"H-help...!" he sputters.
His body is split down the middle, sliced from the top of his skull to
his crotch. Blood bursts from each side as the two halves fall to the
right and left.
As it submerges its body in blood, it catches the falling drops
tenderly. It might have the appearance of a woman, but the
temperament is of a devil.
Upon noticing there are only a few spoils in the area, it extends its
weapon, elongating its black blade.
Without exaggeration, the katana literally extends far enough to
smash through the wall.
With a mighty swing...
"S-stop...!!"
...it destroys the building and everything in it.
"It's begun."
From atop a clock tower, an alluring elf watches the complete
annihilation and fall of a building. It's a joke, almost. The breeze
tousles her long golden locks, which glisten in the dark of the night.
"Oh, Delta... She always overdoes it." She sighs, shaking her head.
But she can't undo what's already done. Alpha looks over the capital
from the top of the tower.
Page | 130
The entire capital begins moving frantically. Everything commences
as planned. And most of the attention is directed at Delta, who just
hacked a building to bits.
"I have to give it to Delta for making it easier for the others to
start..."
If she could just ignore the victims, she could admit Delta's moves
are exceptional.
"Guess I should get going, too," she murmurs.
Alpha hides her face behind a pitch-black mask.
There is something going on outside.
Alexia opens her eyes for the first time in hours.
The only ones who ever enter the room are a female caretaker and
the man in the white coat, which gives Alexia nothing to do except
sleep on the same table that binds her hands and feet. Neither Alexia
nor the creature bother the other, which means they are getting
along all right. The clamor intensifies, indicating there's some kind of
conflict beyond this room.
Alexia smiles, expecting to be rescued.
"I wonder if they'll crash through the wall all dramatically," she
mumbles for no particular reason.
The stress must be getting to her. And even though she knows it's
meaningless, she shakes the chains that bind her.
"I'm sorry for waking you."
The creature next to her lifts its head.
Page | 131
"But I think it's best to stay awake. You don't want to miss out on the
fun."
Alexia knows it won't answer her, but she talks to it anyway.
Boredom can have strange effects on the mind.
It takes a while before the sound of the key unlocking the door
echoes throughout the room in a flustered and apprehensive way.
"Shit, shit, shit!!" The man in the white coat barrels into the room.
"Good day to you, too."
"I was so close! So close!!" He ignores Alexia, who is clearly having
fun with all this. "Those bastards... They're here!! This is the end! The
end...!"
"Give it up. Resistance is futile. If you unchain me now, I'll ask them
to spare you," Alexia tells him.
"But no guarantees," she adds quietly.
"Th-those brutes would never let me go scot-free...!! Th-they'll kill
everyone...everyone!!"
"The Knight Order doesn't kill without reason. If you don't resist and
go quietly, they won't take your life."
A voice in her mind chimes in Not.
"The Knight Order? I don't give a shit about them! Th-the fiends will
kill everyone, everyone, I tell you!!"
"You're not talking about the Knight Order?"
Then who? Alexia can't imagine anyone else. But then again, she
knows it's completely possible he's gone nuts.
"Either way, this is the end for you. Turn yourself in."
"No, no, no, no, no!! N-not until it's complete!!" The man in the
white coat claws at his head and shifts his bloodshot eyes toward the
Page | 132
creature. "I-I've made a prototype. I-if I use this, even a worthless
shit like you might be useful."
He pushes the device with the syringe against the creature's arm.
"You shouldn't do that. I don't have a good feeling about this," Alexia
warns, sounding quite serious.
But he obviously just ignores her, shoving the needle in its arm and
injecting it with an unknown fluid.
"B-behold! I give you a glimpse of Diablos!!"
"Ooh, how exciting."
The creature begins swelling, its muscles bulging before their eyes,
and even its skeletal structure starts to expand. Its right arm, which
was long and thick, morphs into a malicious and ominous form. Its
fingertips sprout nails as long as human legs. Its left arm appears to
be holding something and stays stuck to its body.
It lets out a high-pitched shriek.
"I-incredible! Astounding!!"
"This...is surprising."
But the chains cannot endure the rapid growth of the creature and
snap off on their own.
"I told you it was a bad idea."
Splat.
The man in the white coat isn't even spared a final scream of agony
before he's crushed by its right arm.
"Well, then."
Alexia and the creature lock eyes.
Page | 133
She studies its movements. Her hands and feet are bound, which
means there isn't much she can do. But she can move around a little
bit. Plus, she can't stand the thought of dying as a consequence of
some idiot's mistake.
The creature swings its right arm.
Alexia twists out of the way as much as she can. As long as her
injuries aren't fatal, she can survive...!
"—...gh!"
It avoids Alexia and pulverizes the table that binds her. The impact
sends her flying against the wall, where she writhes in pain.
"Augh...!"
But she doesn't have any broken bones or visible wounds and can
still move. After checking herself for injuries, she quickly rises to her
feet.
But the creature is gone, leaving behind a shattered table and
demolished wall.
"Did it...really save me...?"
Even if she hadn't shifted away, its arm wasn't anywhere close to
hitting her. Which would mean... Nope, it can't be. Maybe it missed.
"Well, anyway."
Alexia swipes the keys from the man's corpse and removes her
magical restraints. With this, her magic can flow free. She stretches
once to loosen up, then heads through the wall the creature
destroyed.
There is a long, dimly lit hallway before her. Piles of trampled
soldiers litter the ground.
"I'll be taking that."
Page | 134
Alexia borrows a mithril sword from a corpse. It's flimsy, but it'll get
the job done.
When she goes down the hallway and turns the corner, she sees
someone.
"We can't have you leaving on your own."
"Y-you. Why are you here...?" Alexia's eyes widen with fear.
What in the world is going on?
Iris's red hair swirls behind her as she dashes through the capital late
at night.
She was told that a building had been destroyed. At first, she thought
she'd misheard the news. But as Iris sprints toward the city, half in
disbelief, her subordinates keep receiving report after report.
There are many ambushes occurring in the capital simultaneously.
It doesn't take long for her to reach that conclusion. But there's
nothing logically connecting the various locations under attack: firms,
warehouses, restaurants, private homes of nobles... The crimes must
be premeditated, but she can't figure out the goal.
That said, the capital is shaking.
The Knight Order is mobilized in a state of emergency, and they
begin evacuating high-profile leaders. Even though it's late, the
residents crack open their windows to check what's happening, and
there are more than a few onlookers outside. Iris shouts at the
meandering residents, telling them to go home, and rushes to the
scene.
Page | 135
Something strange is happening. This is in no way a normal incident.
Iris can sense it.
It's right at that moment when a scream reaches her ears.
"M-monster!! Help...!!"
They are shouts from the Knight Order. They aren't too far away. Iris
changes directions and books it toward the cries for help. When she
turns the corner down a back street to the main road, she spots the
monster.
It's a colossal, hideous beast.
With a swipe of the enormous, blood-soaked fingernails on its right
hand, it transforms the knights into piles of flesh.
"What is that?" Iris mutters as she dashes toward it. "Stand back!"
With one fluid movement, her unsheathed blade shimmers in the
darkness as it slices through the creature's chest.
And completely bisects it.
She cuts down its immense body in one fell swoop.
"Are you hurt?" Iris calls out to the Knight Order and forgets all
about the creature as it slowly falls to the ground.
"Princess Iris, you've saved us!"
"That's our princess! She slayed the monster in one stroke!"
The men are unharmed. Almost all the soldiers are completely
unscathed. Well, the ones who survived, at least.
"The monster killed eight of our men."
A single hit took them down.
Her red-wine eyes tremble with sorrow when they fall upon the
ghastly corpses.
Page | 136
"Gather the bodies and head back. Please inform the lieutenant
that..."
"Princess Iris!" shouts one of the knights all of a sudden.
He's standing there, pointing at something behind her, and the other
knights try to raise their muted voices.
"What...?!"
Iris turns and strikes without missing a beat.
Her sword collides with the right arm of the creature.
"Ksch...!"
For a moment, it seems as though Iris has been beaten until she
quickly releases a huge quantity of magic that effectively blasts its
mighty arm. From there, she dives into its bosom, severing its leg,
and leaps back to prepare for a counterattack.
In the following second, the monster swings its right arm where Iris
had stood and retrieves a few strands of her long red hair.
"Is it regenerating...?"
The injuries from the bisection vanish, and the new wound on its leg
is starting to heal.
"Ridiculous... How can it regenerate when Princess Iris sliced it in
two...?"
"This can't be..."
"Stay back," Iris calls to the shaken knights as she blocks its next
attack.
Its moves are quick, powerful, and heavy—but bland.
"It's only a creature, after all."
Page | 137
Iris counters ruthlessly: She slices its arm to pieces, chops off its legs,
and beheads it. Successive strikes rain down on the creature, as if to
mock, Try healing from all that.
She won't let it retaliate. She's the only one attacking.
"Is it still healing?"
But the creature survives. In the brief moment Iris stops her assault,
it regains its form and swats her away with its right arm.
And then it shrieks into the night sky.
As if in response, rain begins falling from the moonless sky. It drizzles
at first but quickly becomes a torrent. White steam rises where the
droplets hit the creature's blood.
"This might take a while..."
Iris straightens her posture, preparing for a long fight.
She doesn't think she'll lose. Even now, she never considers that she
might see defeat. But it seems this battle is going to require more
time.
Iris readies her sword. When the monster finishes healing, she rushes
toward it.
The next moment, her sword is knocked out of her hands,
accompanied by a shrill sound, and the impact sends pins and
needles up her arm.
She glares at a sudden intruder, ignoring the fact that her beloved
sword whirls into the distance. The newcomer glances at her.
They stare each other down. The first to break the silence is the
interloper.
"Why won't you see it's hurt?"
Page | 138
The uninvited guest is a girl in an ebony bodysuit. Iris can't see her
face but notices that her voice sounds young.
"Who are you?" Iris cautiously keeps both the intruder and the
creature in view.
"Alpha." After uttering a single word, the girl turns her back to Iris as
if she has lost interest in the conversation.
"Wait, what are you planning to do? If you plan to oppose the Knight
Order, we won't go easy on..."
"Oppose...?" Alpha cuts in, giggling condescendingly at Iris while
continuing to face away from her.
"What's so funny?"
"Oppose... I think that might be the most ridiculous word in the
world. Opposing an ignoramus would be senseless."
"Excuse me...?!" Iris's magic begins to swell, transforming into a
massive wave that sweeps the rain away and forms violent gusts of
wind.
But Alpha doesn't even glance in her direction. She stands there
unfazed, her back still turned to Iris.
"Play your assigned role as the spectator and keep your eyes on the
stage. Don't disturb our performance," she utters before
approaching the creature.
From behind, she seems solemn. She's already completely forgotten
about Iris.
"Did you just call me a spectator...?" Iris clutches her tingling hands
as she glares at Alpha.
"Poor thing. That must've hurt," says Alpha, walking toward the
monster. "There is no more pain. No more sadness."
Page | 139
Alpha extends her ebony sword longer than her entire body.
"You don't have to cry anymore."
Then, with a step forward, she slices the creature in two.
No one has time to react.
Iris and the creature can only watch as Alpha bisects it. Everything
about it feels natural. There is no bloodlust; it's as if this is the only
reasonable solution.
The monster's massive body crashes onto the ground, and white
smoke rises from the husk as it gradually shrivels to the size of a little
girl. A dagger has fallen from its left hand.
There is a red jewel embedded in it, along with an engraving on its
hilt: To my beloved daughter, Millia.
"I pray...you achieve peace in your next life."
With that, Alpha vanishes within the white smoke.
A clap of thunder sounds in the distance. Iris is stunned in place.
Raindrops run down her hair and fall onto her face.
She's trembling, but she doesn't know why.
"Alexia...," Iris murmurs. She senses that her little sister is at the
epicenter of this chaos, and this premonition pushes her forward.
"Alexia, please be safe..."
Iris picks up her sword and starts running. The storm rages on.
"Wh-why are you here?"
When Alexia turns the corner, she sees an all-too-familiar visage.
Page | 140
"Because this is my facility, that's why. I invested thousands of zeni
into that man. That's all there is to it."
Confidence overflows from the smile stretched across the face of a
dashing blond. It's Instructor Zenon.
"That's nice to know. I always thought you were messed up in the
head. I guess I was right."
Alexia takes one step back and then two. There's a staircase behind
him, and she guesses it's her best bet to escape.
"Huh. Think whatever you want. But I don't mind as long as I have
your blood."
"All anyone talks about around here is blood. Is this a research
facility for vampires?"
"If that's what you want to think. More or less."
"Skip the explanation. I'm not into the occult."
"Figures."
"I'm sure you're aware, but the Knight Order will be here any minute
now. This is the end for you."
"The end? What do I have that can possibly end?" Zenon is still all
smiles.
"Your title and reputation will be ruined, and you'll obviously be put
to death. I'll be happy to drop the guillotine on your neck."
"You're off the mark. You and I will be escaping through a secret
route."
"What a romantic offer. Too bad I can't stand you."
"You're coming with me. With my research and your blood, I'm
destined to receive the twelfth seat in the Rounds. I shall bid farewell
to my meaningless position as an instructor."
Page | 141
"The Rounds? Is that a group for lunatics?"
"The Knights of Rounds is a gathering of twelve superior knights from
my religion. Becoming a member brings me rank, honor, and fortune
like you'd never believe. They've already acknowledged my power.
All I'm lacking is experience, but my research on your blood should
fix that right up."
Zenon melodramatically spreads his arms out and lets out a guffaw.
"Whatever. I'm just sick of all this blood talk," mutters Alexia.
"I would have preferred Princess Iris, but it looks like I'll have to
settle for you."
"I'm gonna kill you."
"Oh, excuse me. I forgot you hate being compared to your sister."
"—...gh!"
A forceful swing from Alexia's sword signals the start of their battle.
She goes straight for the jugular.
"Ooh, how scary." Zenon repels her attack at the last second and
blocks the following strike.
Sparks fly from the colliding blades.
Judging this skirmish merely by the manner in which their swords
dance in the air, one might be inclined to say their skills are equally
matched.
But the sword bearers wear very different expressions. Alexia angrily
glowers, whereas Zenon has a relaxed smile.
And Alexia is the one burning with wrath, sure enough. She clicks her
tongue with frustration and backs away.
"You start using shoddy swords the moment I stop seeing you."
Page | 142
Zenon zeroes in on her weapon. She glances at it with a pained
expression. The battle has only just started, but her blade is already
filled with countless nicks.
"They say the choice of weapon shouldn't matter to an expert."
Alexia grimaces and stands her ground.
"I see. If we're talking about experts, I'm sure that's true." Zenon
sneers. "But you're mediocre. As a sword-fighting instructor, I
guarantee it."
Alexia visibly screws up her face. For a moment, it looks as if her urge
to cry is drowned out by pure fury.
"Just watch me. Then you can say if you really think I'm mediocre."
With that, she lunges at him with all the energy she can muster.
Alexia knows. She knows full well she isn't strong enough to beat
Zenon, and her flimsy weapon won't last long. But Alexia hasn't
spent all those days training with her head in the clouds. In her
mission to become as strong as her sister, she's realized her own
shortcomings and worked hard to make up for them. She's observed
her sister's swordplay more than anyone else and can picture every
move with impeccable accuracy.
Which is why it's easy for her to replicate.
"Haaaah!!" It's a stroke reminiscent of her sister's assaults.
***
For the first time, Zenon's smile vanishes. The sword he's blocked is
filled with magic.
The two swords violently clash and repel each other.
They're equally matched...
No.
Page | 143
Alexia might be a bit stronger.
A red line is carved into Zenon's cheek. Visibly taken aback, he looks
at the blood he wipes off his cheek.
"I'm stunned."
There is no hidden meaning behind his words.
"I had no idea you were hiding your strength."
Zenon tilts the palm of his hand. He studies it as if checking the color
of his own blood.
"I'm going to make you regret looking down on me."
"Pfft." Zenon laughs. "I was certainly taken aback, but you're just a
poor imitation, after all. You've a long way to go before you're the
real deal." He shakes his head.
"You're asking for it."
"Since we're both here, let me give you a taste of my true power."
Zenon readies his sword.
"...g!"
The air changes as Zenon's magic takes on a sharper and deeper
quality.
"Let me tell you one thing. I've never shown my true powers to an
outsider. I'm about to show you the skills of a true swordsman...of
the next generation of the Rounds!"
The air pulses around them.
"That's..."
This isn't in the same ballpark as before.
Page | 144
Alexia has never seen an attack with so much power lurking behind
it. Their skills are as hopelessly different as a genius and a clod. He
may even rival her older sister.
Alexia doesn't have the means to defend herself against the
devastating force of the approaching blade.
Her reaction is involuntary, something that's become a part of her
after many years of training.
There is no impact.
The two swords clash, and Alexia's weapon is pulverized into
fluttering bits of dust. She feels as though she's watching these
sparkling fragments of mithril pass by her from far away.
Somewhere far from here.
Alexia's childhood memories resurface in her mind of times when
swinging her sword brought nothing but pure joy.
Her sister is always beside her, and this is a distant memory that
should have faded long ago.
"You'll never be as good as your sister."
A single tear falls from Alexia's eye.
"You're coming with me."
Falling from her hand, the measly hilt that was once a sword hits the
floor with a dry, metallic clang.
Click, click.
There's a sound coming from the stairwell behind Zenon.
Click, click, click.
Someone is coming down the stairs.
Click, click, click, click.
Page | 145
When the noise ceases, there's a man in an ebony coat in front of
them, dressed entirely in black. He has his hood pulled up and wears
the mask of a magician.
The man calmly saunters forth, stopping one step outside the range
of their weapons.
"The man clad in ebony... So you're the feral dog who dares to nip at
the Cult." There's a sharp glint in Zenon's eyes as he glares at the
intruder.
"My name's Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..." His voice is as deep and as dark as the abyss.
"I see. You seem to have an inflated ego from destroying our smaller
facilities, but you haven't even taken down one of our main fighters.
You're just a coward who picks on the little guys."
It seems the man who calls himself Shadow is at odds with Zenon.
This is good news for Alexia, but she doesn't think this man is her
ally.
"It doesn't matter who or what we choose to destroy. It's all the
same."
"You're sadly mistaken. The main army of the Cult is here. Today, I'll
hunt you down with my bare hands. This is your fate."
Zenon turns his sword to Shadow.
"I'm Zenon Griffey, the next one to fill the twelfth chair of the
Rounds. Taking your life will be my achievement for them."
With that, Zenon unleashes a gale of an attack at Shadow.
But Shadow is gone, and he slashes through empty space.
"What the...?!"
Page | 146
The next moment, Shadow is standing behind him. It only takes a
second before Shadow takes this position.
Zenon can't move.
As if Zenon has lost track of the time, he stills his sword—even holds
his breath—to focus every ounce of his energy on the man standing
behind him.
Nobody budges.
That's right. Shadow stands back-to-back with Zenon, arms crossed.
He utters one sentence: "Well then...where are the main troops of
the Cult?"
Zenon twists his face in humiliation. He then slices downward from
over his shoulder.
But no one is there.
"Absurd...!"
Zenon hears a coat rippling through the air and looks back to find
Shadow standing where he originally appeared, as if nothing has
changed.
Even Alexia has completely lost track of Shadow as she watches from
the sidelines. If this isn't a magic trick or gimmick, then she'd
consider him a mastermind... No, he's much stronger than that.
Suppressing his frustration, Zenon slowly turns around.
"I seem to have slightly underestimated your power. While you only
destroyed the smaller bases, there were several of them."
This time, Zenon strengthens his magic as he keeps an eye on
Shadow. The air undulates from its power. This is more intense than
the strike that shattered Alexia's sword.
Page | 147
Shadow is certainly an extraordinary warrior. But Zenon is mightier
than the average soldier. A once-celebrated child prodigy, he grew
up to win numerous tournaments and climbed the rungs to become
a master swordsman. There isn't a knight in the country who doesn't
know Zenon Griffey's name.
"I'll show you the power of the one to join the Rounds next term."
So fast...! Alexia barely manages to follow Zenon's sword with her
eyes.
The afterimage of the bare blade tears the air and heads straight for
Shadow's neck.
"That's one sharp move..."
Somewhere along the way, Shadow raises his black sword and
effortlessly blocks Zenon's attack.
"Guh...!"
They're locked in place. Zenon tries to push his way to victory.
But Shadow draws backward, using the swordsman's momentum to
send him flying.
"Heh...!"
Just before he slams into the wall, Zenon narrowly manages to
tumble on the ground and reposition his sword. But he can't hide his
unease.
Neither of them moves.
Shadow has chosen not to move whereas Zenon can't. He feels as if
his entire body is being controlled.
"I thought you were going to hit me, Mr. Next-Gen Rounds."
"Nngh...!"
Page | 148
Zenon's face burns a furious red. He's frustrated with his opponent
but even more so with himself.
"That's enouuuugh!!" Zenon howls as he executes a sweep attack.
His thrusts forward are as piercing as a squall.
His consecutive strikes are as fierce as a raging fire.
But none of them land.
"Aaaaaagghhhhh!!"
His ferocious roar sounds hollow. It's as if an adult is practicing with a
child.
Alexia is in shock watching the fight. She has never seen Zenon reveal
this side of himself before. He has torn off his calm smile and mask of
integrity, and it's as if they're now out of his reach. The strongest
person Alexia knows is her older sister. Even so, Alexia doesn't think
her sister would be capable of overwhelming Zenon.
Clang, clang, clang.
The scant noise from their clashing blades echoes through the area
and seems almost out of place. It's the exact sound of light practice.
The ebony blade and its white counterpart etch their trajectories
through the air.
Alexia's gaze is fixed on this imitation practice session, mesmerized
by the black sword. There's a reason her eyes can't stray from it.
"Mediocre swordplay..."
The figure in front of Alexia fights the same way she does.
When Alexia was a child, she had her own idea of perfect swordplay.
It isn't about talent, strength, or speed but building up from the
basics. Yet others keep comparing her to her sister and mock her for
Page | 149
being average, which makes Alexia feel as if she's lost her direction in
life.
But despite all her struggles, Alexia never gives up.
And she's just witnessed these unremarkable moves slay the genius
Zenon Griffey.
"Amazing...," she mutters admiringly.
Witnessing this, she can see the path he's walked in life. It's a direct
result of his serious and unwavering efforts.
Alexia's sister might have the same thought.
"Iris..."
Alexia feels she finally understands her sister's words from long ago.
"Gaghh...d-dammit...!"
Shadow's blade lashes out at Zenon. He's been hit too many times to
keep count.
Zenon breathes raggedly as he glares at Shadow. His enraged eyes
still haven't accepted reality.
"Y-you bastard! Show me who you are...! Why do you hide your
identity when you possess this much power?"
Those with Shadow's strength hold riches and respect within arm's
reach—with the potential to be known worldwide.
But no one knows about Shadow's swordplay. Even if he hides his
face, those lucky enough to get a glimpse of his swordplay will never
forget it. But this is the first time either Zenon or Alexia have seen
such phenomenal swordsmanship.
"We are the Shadow Garden. We lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows. That's the only reason we exist..."
"You're out of your mind...!"
Page | 150
Zenon and Shadow exchange glances.
Alexia is completely excluded from this exchange. She doesn't know
why they're fighting or what they're trying to accomplish.
Blood. Creature. Cult. There are many key words to remember.
But Alexia doesn't know what they mean. To her, it all sounds like
the ravings of a madman.
But what if? What if it isn't just nonsense? What if there is something
going on behind the scenes that Alexia doesn't know about?
"Fine. If you're ready to get serious, it looks like I'll have to answer to
your needs."
Zenon produces a pill from his breast pocket.
"With this pill, I shall be awakened and surpass all human limitations.
An ordinary human would break under this power and eventually
self-destruct. But those in the Rounds are different. Only those who
can manipulate this devastating power have the privilege of joining
the Rounds."
Zenon swallows the pill.
"I am the Third Awake."
Zenon's wounds instantly begin healing. His muscles tighten up, his
eyes become bloodshot, and his capillary vessels protrude. It looks as
if he's being crushed by a tremendous force.
"I'll show you almighty power," boasts Zenon, his calm smile
returning.
In his current form, there is no doubt Zenon is stronger than Princess
Iris.
Page | 151
Alexia thinks Zenon is the strongest being in the world and shrinks
back in despair. No...she would if she'd never seen Shadow's
swordplay.
She doesn't think Zenon's current form is the strongest at all. If fact,
she thinks it's something else entirely.
"How ugly..."
"That's ugly..."
Alexia's and Shadow's voices overlap. After all, they're striving to
achieve the same type of sword technique, which is why they share
the same sentiment.
"Did you just call me ugly?" Zenon's smile slips away.
"Don't call that pathetic form almighty. It's a disgrace to those who
are."
"You son of a bitch."
"With borrowed power, you'll never walk the path of the almighty."
This is the first time in this battle that Shadow intensifies his magic.
Until now, he's barely used it. It is so exceptionally precise that it's
impossible to perceive.
But what is this?
This surge of magic shows itself in the form of blue-violet rays of
light. There are hundreds of ultrathin strands. These create a dazzling
pattern as they wrap themselves around Shadow like veins.
"It's beautiful..." Alexia is mesmerized by this sight.
She isn't admiring the beauty of the lights, though, but the precision
of his magic.
"What is this...?" Zenon is once again shocked.
No one has ever created such beauty through magic.
Page | 152
"I'll show you true almighty power...and carve it into your mind
forever."
Magic gathers in the ebony blade and etches out a pattern, starting
to form a large spiral. Shadow continues focusing his power.
It seems as if that spiral will swallow everything whole.
A frightening power is absorbed into the black weapon.
"This is me at my peak." Shadow readies his blade in the lunging
position.
This stance is only to strike down an enemy.
"S-sto..."
Is the ground trembling? Or the air? Or Zenon himself?
No, it's everything.
Everything is rippling.
Alexia notices that she's shaking, too. It isn't out of fear, though, but
joy.
That's the final destination.
That...swordplay is the strongest.
Page | 153
Page | 154
"Watch closely..."
Draped in light, the ebony blade pulls back...
"Hidden Technique: I AM ATOMIC."
...and releases.
All sound is lost.
A torrent of light shoots past Alexia and engulfs Zenon's body. It
penetrates everything, consuming the walls and the earth, blasting
upward into the night sky.
Then it explodes.
As patterns of light are etched into the night sky, the entire capital
assumes a blue-violet hue.
From impossibly far away, the delayed blast ripples across the city,
sweeping away the rain clouds, shaking the ground and the private
residences, before passing.
All that's left is a full moon and the beautiful night sky full of stars.
Zenon has been vaporized. He doesn't even leave behind a single
speck of dust.
The large hole blasts though the wall all the way aboveground.
And then...Shadow flings open his coat and slips into the night.
Once...there was a man who challenged nuclear power and trained
his body and mind to hone his techniques.
But it remained far beyond his reach.
And then, after many hours of exhaustive training, he finally found
the answer.
Page | 155
Q: How can I withstand nuclear power?
A: Become nuclear power.
From this, the esoteric technique I AM ATOMIC was born. And its
power is most certainly comparable to a weapon of mass
destruction!
How long did time stand still? Alexia suddenly notices someone
calling her.
"Alexia... Alexia...!"
The person gasps for air and shouts from far away. It's a voice she
instantly recognizes.
"Iris... Iris...!" screams Alexia, dashing out through the large hole in
the wall to the outdoors.
"Alexia! Alexia!!" Iris hurries toward her.
"Iris... I—I...gh."
Alexia is embraced before she can tell her sister she's unharmed. Iris
is soaking from head to toe, and her body feels chilly and warm at
the same time.
"I'm so glad you're safe... I really am." Iris hugs her sister tightly.
With some hesitation, Alexia wraps her arms around Iris's back.
"I'm sorry. I must be cold."
Alexia shakes her head against her sister's chest. Tears flow from her
eyes and won't stop coming.
Page | 156
Two students stand on the roof. It's early in the summer. One is an
attractive girl with silvery-white hair. The other is an ordinary boy
whose hair is black.
"This incident has been resolved on the surface, but I can sense
something brewing behind the scenes. Iris is preparing to dispatch a
special brigade, and I plan to help her. So we're only just getting
started," says the girl.
"All in moderation," adds the boy.
"Which means you've been cleared of the charges. I really dragged
you into that mess."
"Don't worry about it."
A gust of wind passes between them, and her skirt billows to reveal
her white legs.
"It's hot as balls out here. Can we go inside?"
The midday sun is beating down on them, and two shadows extend
from their feet. They can hear the distant voices of the cicadas
chirping.
"Wait. There's two things I have to say."
"Here?"
"Here," she confirms, squinting and looking up at the blue sky. "First,
I want to give you my thanks. You said you liked my swordsmanship,
right? Well, I know I'm late, but I really appreciate it."
"No problem."
"I finally like it. Not that I attribute that development to you."
"Did you really have to throw in that last bit?"
"It's the truth."
They lock eyes, and he's the first to look away.
Page | 157
"Anyway, if you've learned to like your swordplay, that sounds good
to me."
"Yeah, it is." The girl smiles.
"So what's the second thing?"
"We've pretended to date until now, but Instructor Zenon died in
that incident."
"Which means I'm freed from my duties."
"But I do have one proposition." The girl looks sort of uncomfortable
as she searches for the right words.
"If you're all right with it..." Her red eyes dart around, and her voice
softens ever so slightly. "Maybe we can do this a little while longer?"
The boy beams at her.
"No thanks," he answers, flipping her off.
The girl unsheathes her sword in one fluid motion.
That night, a student discovers a large pool of blood on the rooftop.
Despite the heinous amount, there's no corpse in the vicinity. Even
when the students and school authorities investigate the matter,
there are no wounded or missing persons, and the case is never
solved.
Subsequently, this is dubbed the Incident of the Corpseless Murder
and considered one of the seven wonders of the school.
One day, out of the blue, Alexia asks her older sister something odd.
Page | 158
"Can you please tell me what kind of apology guarantees
forgiveness?"
Iris frowns when she hears the question.
What does she expect from me? She tells Alexia the obvious: "There
is no such thing."
Which is common sense, but all of it goes in one of her disgruntled
sister's ears and out the other.
"I hate apologizing to begin with," complains Alexia, turning away, at
which point Iris throws in the towel and calls it a day.
But Iris is fired up by a sense of duty to do something to help her
sister.
From what she gathers, her silly sister annoyed someone close to
her. The problem is she hasn't made up for it yet.
Iris realizes this is the first time her sister has ever asked her how to
apologize.
Alexia always says sorry when she does something wrong. Of course,
this is a superficial apology with no real emotion, but others sharing
shallow relationships with her are none the wiser. Until now, Alexia
has gotten along just fine.
But if she's asking how to apologize, that means she isn't referring to
a fake acquaintance but to a friend.
That little sister of hers has made a friend.
Iris's heart bursts with happiness, a hint of loneliness, and an
overwhelming sense of duty.
But telling Alexia will only cause her to rebel. Iris contemplates this
situation all night but ultimately can't come up with a good solution.
Page | 159
To start things off, Iris is very direct in conversation but has almost
no social grace, as opposed to Alexia, who doesn't like to confront
others. Even if Iris suggests something, she knows Alexia won't lend
an ear, saying something like "I'm getting goose bumps from being so
uncomfortable," and that will be the end of it. In every way, the
sisters are natural-born opposites.
That's why Iris decides to rely on a certain rumor.
On a rare day when both sisters have spare time, Iris invites Alexia to
a department store that's been the talk of the town.
"Iris, what is this place?"
"It's called Mitsugoshi. I think it's all the rage in the capital. I heard
they sell some tasty treats."
"Treats? I don't hate that, but..." Alexia looks unamused.
Seeing her sister's expression, Iris panics. "H-hey, I hear girls are
really into this new snack called chocolate. Maybe you'd want to give
it to someone as a gift!"
Alexia stares coldly at Iris.
"F-for example, a new friend. I bet it'd make them happy."
Iris is very bad at hinting at things. It's painfully pathetic to see her
try to force a smile.
"All right, I get the idea. Let's go inside," Alexia suggests, looking
terribly bored. "Wait, we can't go in yet. Just look at the line."
A crowd has formed in front of Mitsugoshi, snaking around in a long
line in a frenzy.
"We'll cause more trouble for them if we stand in it," she adds.
As if on cue, a member of the staff immediately approaches them.
"Princess Iris and Princess Alexia. Thank you for coming. Welcome."
Page | 160
The woman in a blue uniform politely bows and leads the pair inside.
A quick look around shows the two princesses have attracted a lot of
attention from the crowd.
"I see," Iris says with a nod. Alexia sighs at her sister.
They pass by the packed shops before they're escorted to a quiet
corner of the mall. According to their guide with the dark-brown hair,
she's taken them to a special boutique for their most honored
customers.
The two princesses find the simple yet tasteful decor of the boutique
refreshing, especially because they're accustomed to ornate designs
and decorations. Every new and unique product brings a sparkle to
Alexia's once-apathetic eyes.
A stunning blue-haired elf appears before them.
"Thank you for your patience. I'm Luna, the president of Mitsugoshi,
Ltd. Here is our newest product, chocolate."
A brown, bite-size morsel is placed in front of Iris and then Alexia.
"This is called a chocolate truffle. We've only just put it on the
market."
"A truffle...?"
"It doesn't look very appetizing," Alexia comments, sounding
indifferent.
"B-but it has a lovely aroma," interjects Iris, immediately trying to
make amends for her sister.
"If you'd like, please try a sample," Luna responds with a confident
smile.
"Why, thank you."
"If you insist."
Page | 161
The moment they pop the samples into their mouths, their faces
light up.
"This is...very sweet. A complex flavor profile. I feel like I could eat a
dozen."
"The bitter notes highlight its sweetness. It's smooth and rich and
smells divine, and I'll take it."
Iris buys one of everything, naturally. And surprisingly, Alexia follows
suit. Mitsugoshi arranges to have the items delivered straight to the
castle. Even their service is exceptional.
"Alexia, shouldn't you ask them to gift wrap it?"
"No need."
"O-oh, okay."
Luna approaches the duo as they get ready to leave.
"Would you like to view some of our other products? I'm positive
they'll tickle your fancy."
"Well..."
The girls didn't intend to stay long, but they're too curious to see
other offerings from the company that developed chocolate—it's
even enough to pique Alexia's interest.
"Yes, please."
"Wonderful."
With a quick word to her staff, Luna introduces one product after
another—and not just candy. They have tea, liquor, accessories, daily
goods, gourmet and preserved foods... All overflow with novel and
fascinating qualities. The products basically force unexpected wads
of cash out of their wallets.
And then a piece of cloth is set before them.
Page | 162
"What's this...?" Alexia tilts her head, pinching the lacy black material
between two fingers.
"One of our panties for women," Luna introduces with a smile.
"Underwear."
"Really...?"
Iris and Alexia scrutinize the black T-shaped garment embroidered
with white lace.
They can tell it's underwear when they look at it up close, but the
size of the fabric seems way too small. Their butts would hang out if
they wore these panties. Plus, some of the parts are see-through.
"We call them G-strings."
"G... G-strings?" Iris shudders and balks at the design that hides as
little as possible.
While it's cute and all, its intentions are all too vulgar for Iris to
stomach.
Sh-should these panties even be allowed to exist?
"As for gentlemen, they seem to like them very much."
Alexia's ears perk up.
"Iris..."
"Alexia, you can't be serious...?"
"I'm confident about the shape of my butt."
"Th-that's not the problem!!" Iris stammers.
What's this crazy kid saying?!
"P-p-p-p-please don't wear these! A princess should never don lewd
clothing!"
"I'm confident about the shape of my butt."
Page | 163
"You've already said that! It's improper! Out of the question! I forbid
it!"
"You can try it on, if you'd like."
Iris stops herself in the nick of time from snapping at Luna to mind
her own business.
"Yes, please," replies Alexia.
"Don't do this!" Iris counters.
"Come on, Iris, I'm just trying it on."
"Yeah, right! I mean, you're basically setting up a situation where you
have to purchase it! You're gonna act all indecisive, and then you'll
just go and buy it anyway. I know how this works!"
Alexia irritably clicks her tongue in response.
"Your Highness, I hope there aren't any misunderstandings about our
product. G-strings are made for women." Luna stands up. "In fact,
I'm wearing that same model right now."
Luna turns her back to them, and the pair zero in on the shapely butt
under her tight black dress.
"Look. Even though my dress is thin, you can't see my panty lines."
"Y-you're right."
Underwear lines are always visible under lightweight fabrics. There
are girls who refuse to wear underwear to formal events to prevent
them from showing.
But this G-string eliminates that problem. It can't be detected under
clothing.
"Are you really wearing it...?"
"Would you like to see?" Luna asks, slowly peeling up her dress to
reveal her milky thighs.
Page | 164
"I-I'm good!"
"Just kidding." Luna seductively grins and unfurls her dress. "Would
you like to try it on, at least?"
"Yes."
"A-as long as you're just seeing how it looks..."
The duo trail after Luna into a large fitting room.
Iris nervously watches Alexia cheerfully slip out of one pair of
underwear into another.
Alexia yanks her skirt up to her waist and pulls her white pair down,
letting them fall to her ankles before lifting one foot and then the
other. After hanging them on a hook on the wall of the fitting room,
she spreads out the G-string in front of her.
"It's practically transparent...," notes Iris, sounding utterly baffled.
"Seems pretty airy to me," chirps Alexia, amused.
Alexia bends forward and raises her right foot, sliding the G-string up
one leg and then the other. She tugs it up under her skirt and tilts her
head curiously.
"It feels kinda weird...," Alexia comments.
Iris is at a loss for words when she sees her sister hiking her skirt up.
"That's..." Iris's vision goes completely white.
"Your Highness. You have it on backward."
"Oh, that explains it," Alexia replies to Luna, leaving her
dumbfounded sister be as she slips off the G-string and puts it on the
right way.
"Ooh, it feels nice."
"Yes, it's made from our new prized fabric."
Page | 165
Alexia kicks up, crouches down, and spreads her legs to test it out.
"Iris, look at this."
That pulls Iris back to reality.
"Look." Alexia jerks her skirt up to reveal a perfectly shaped butt
that's almost completely exposed.
Her delicate white skin glows in the light of the fitting room. Alexia
playfully shimmies her waist, and her buttocks jiggle around.
"S-stop that shameful behavior right now!"
"And see? No visible panty lines," adds Luna.
When Alexia lowers her skirt, Iris certainly can't see them.
"And check out the front. It's very cute."
Alexia hikes up her skirt again, turning to Iris. The design is cute, but
it's...
"A-A-Alexia, it's completely sheer..."
"It hides enough."
Iris chants three times in her mind, It's not enough, not enough, not
enough.
"I'll take three of these and all the other colorways."
"Thank you for your business."
"You can't! I absolutely forbid it!!" Iris snaps out of her trance. "Ththose undergarments are too perverse for the royal princesses of
Midgar. I simply won't allow it!!"
"Iris...!"
"Neeeeeeeeeever, never, ever!!"
"But it's just a pair of panties!!"
Page | 166
The duo glare at each other. Luna can almost see the steam coming
out of their ears.
"Fine."
"Alexia, you've come around."
"You know, I want to listen to you. I've always been swayed by
meaningless words and lost sight of what matters. Like the time you
told me you liked my swordplay."
With her see-through panties on full display, Alexia keeps her eyes
warmly on Iris.
"Yeah, I remember that."
"My swordplay is a symbol of my small, insignificant life. That's why I
want to listen to those who accept that about me."
"Alexia..." Iris is touched to the point of trembling. They're finally on
the same page.
"If you can't accept G-strings, I won't buy them. I really, really, really
want to wear them, but I won't if you don't want me to. So tell me:
Are you absolutely sure G-strings are out of the question?" Alexia
bores into her sister's eyes, as if peeking into her soul.
Iris wavers. "Um, I... Well, they're not totally unacceptable..."
"Not totally unacceptable?"
"...No."
"Then I'll take 'em!"
"Thank you for your purchase!"
Iris can tell she's been bamboozled, but she smiles and lets it go
when she sees her sister beaming giddily.
Page | 167
Page | 168
Page | 169
Chapter 4
The Two Sides of the Shadow Garden?!
Summer's almost here.
I swing my wooden sword on a day in late spring. I'm in the middle of
my practical elective. Now that I'm free from Alexia's clutches, I've
transferred to be with Skel and Po. And because a bunch of students
dropped out of the Royal Bushin elective after the Instructor Zenon
scandal, all of us in section nine have been bumped up to section
seven.
"Whatever happened with you and Princess Alexia?" Skel asks as he
practices beside me.
"We haven't talked since the breakup."
Also, she tried to kill me.
"That's a shame. And you never even kissed?" prompts Po.
"No, never."
We're having a dumb conversation as we wave our swords around as
usual. This is what life in section seven is all about. Even though it's a
huge waste of time, this is the path I must take to maintain my status
as a minor character.
"The Bushin Festival's coming up. Did you guys sign up for the
qualifying round?"
"Of course! If I do well enough in the tournament, I can easily go
home with two or three lovely ladies," boasts Skel. He's a virgin, by
the way.
"Oh-ho-ho, with three, I'd have my hands full," comments Po,
another big virgin.
Page | 170
"Cid, you didn't sign up for the qualifying round, right?"
The Bushin Festival is a massive, semiannual tournament. Besides
the local fighters, famed knights from around the world come to
participate. There's a special bracket for students, and there are
going to be preliminaries for our tournament. But an ordinary side
character would never stand on a stage in front of everyone. Not in a
million years.
"I'm not go—..."
"But don't worry! I went and signed you up! Show me your gratitu—
... Guhh!!"
Skel suddenly clutches his stomach and crumples to the ground.
"H— Skel!! What's happened to you?" Po cries.
It's a frighteningly fast hit. I'm the only one who can see it.
"Hey. Hey, Skel. You should have seen yourself. It was like someone
slammed you in the stomach with a right hook. What's up with you?"
I ask as I loosen my right fist.
"Th-that's a really accurate description, Cid."
"This is bad. He's a goner. Gimme a hand to get him to the nurse's
office. Hey, do you know if we're able to take back tournament
applications?"
"Hmm, I'm not sure. Oh, Skel, you're foaming at the mouth."
Our instructor gives us permission to carry Skel to the nurse's office
for his "sudden seizure" that knocked him out.
It's on the way there that I notice something.
"Who's that?" I ask about a solemn-looking group entering the
school.
"It looks like...Princess Iris is with them."
Page | 171
Alexia is there, too. Our eyes meet for a moment before she
scornfully turns away.
I still haven't told anyone she went all cuckoo on me and attempted
to go on a wild killing spree. And I don't plan on telling anyone about
the incident on the roof if she keeps her distance. With our peace
treaty, she can kill whomever she pleases. Her swordplay seems to
have really improved, and I think it's great that she's trying to get
stronger. Well, as long as she doesn't try to kill me, that is.
"By the way, I heard Princess Iris is coming to campus to request
some kind of investigation."
Po doesn't look it, but he's always in the know.
The Midgar Academy for Dark Knights is a massive building that
contains the Midgar Academy of Science. I hear they conduct
research and do science-y stuff. I dunno.
"I see."
Wait, didn't Alexia mention Iris is building a new army?
After Po and I watch the Knight Order enter the building, we drop
Skel off in the nurse's office and just skip class.
There are a few people engaging in a discussion in a large reception
room.
"We'd like to ask you, the most distinguished scholar in the kingdom,
to interpret this artifact for us," continues a beauty with scarlet
locks, Iris, holding a large pendant-shaped object.
"But I'm just a student," objects a lovely young girl with hair as pink
as a peach upon taking one look at the artifact in question.
Page | 172
"Everyone in the world knows about your incredible work. You're
Sherry Barnett, the best researcher in your field. No one could do it
better than you."
"But..."
"It's a good opportunity for you. You should give it a try," interrupts
a man in his early forties, encouraging Sherry.
"Assistant Principal Lutheran Barnett..."
"You can call me Father, you know," Lutheran nudges gently,
chuckling.
In return, Sherry smiles awkwardly.
"Sherry, it's your time to go out into the world of professional
research. Princess Iris's request will bring you closer to the bright
future that's waiting for you."
"But I'm not..."
"Don't I say it all the time? Have confidence. I know you can do this.
You're the only one who can." Lutheran places a hand on Sherry's
slender shoulder.
"Fine, I'll do it..."
Iris hands Sherry the artifact.
"An ancient alphabet? It's written in a secret code," Sherry observes.
"There is a religious group that calls themselves the Cult of Diablos.
This artifact was in their facility. They seem to be doing research on
ancient civilizations, but we don't know the details. There must be a
connection between the code and the ancient civilizations," explains
Iris.
"Well, you certainly came to the right person." Sherry scrutinizes the
object.
Page | 173
"I want a member of the Knight Order to guard it," Iris adds.
"What do you mean by guard...?" asks Lutheran.
"In all truth, the Cult of Diablos—that religious group—is after that
artifact."
"That's unsettling." Lutheran sharpens his gaze.
"We originally obtained this from their facility. Of course, this isn't
the only item we've confiscated. We've been storing other classified
documents and objects in our warehouse, but I'm embarrassed to
admit that an unidentified person burned down our warehouse the
other day. This artifact is all that remains."
"Oh, I've heard about the recent fire. Which reminds me, Princess
Iris, you established the new Knight Order after that."
"Yes, but it's still quite small."
"I believe it's called the Crimson Order, correct? I see you've brought
your Crimson Knights here today."
"I have..."
"Are you that distrustful of the previous Order?"
Iris doesn't reply to Lutheran's razor-sharp question, looking back at
him without changing her expression.
"Hmm. Fine by me. I'll approve up to two guards," concedes
Lutheran.
"Two...? Well, I guess that won't be a problem if I'm guarding the
artifact." Iris looks troubled.
"The work of the Knight Order will experience delays if Princess Iris is
off-site."
Page | 174
The speaker is a broad-shouldered knight sitting to Iris's left. He's
muscular with a beard as bushy as a lion's mane. A large scar runs
across his cheek.
"Indeed... Glen, I leave the guarding to you."
"Understood, Your Highness," he says with a bow.
"Iris, I'll help, too," says Alexia from Iris's right. "If you split up the
guards, fewer knights will be available to respond to the Ebony
Incident."
Iris goes silent.
"The Crimson Order has its hands full, and I know who he is. I'm
perfect for this role."
"But, Alexia, you're still..."
"A student. I'm a student, but age is irrelevant if you've got skill. You
said it yourself."
"No, I didn't."
"That's what you've just told Miss Sherry." Alexia grins confidently at
her peeved older sister.
"And you used to be so cute...," mumbles Iris.
"I heard that. Anyway, Iris, I want to know. I want to know why
they're doing this and...if they plan to oppose us."
"But it's going to be dangerous."
"I know."
The sisters silently exchange glances.
"Fine. I formally request that you accept low-risk missions only and
to the degree that it doesn't interfere with your schoolwork."
"Thank you." Alexia smiles and bows.
Page | 175
"I hope all goes well with the artifact," Iris addresses Sherry after
letting out a deep sigh.
That evening, I try to cancel my application for the preliminaries after
class.
"Thank you."
I bow and leave the student services office.
"Well, how'd it go?"
Skel and Po approach me outside the office. They were waiting for
me.
"They said everyone's been paired up, and it's impossible to
withdraw." I sigh.
"Hey, look on the bright side. If you do well, you're gonna be
swimming in girls, right?"
"Yeah! They say tough times bring opportunity, if you know what I
mean."
I shake my head. "I don't care if I win or lose. I just don't want to do
it."
"Geez, you're hopeless. C'mon, I'm gonna introduce you to this
special shop. Try to lose the long face."
"S-special shop?" stutters Po, taking ragged breaths through his
nose.
"Oops, not that kind of special. I meant the Mitsugoshi that
everyone's talking about. I've heard they've got all sorts of new
Page | 176
items, and one of 'em is a snack called chocolate. It's supposedly
sweet and hella delicious."
"Treats? I'd love some."
"You doofus! It's not for you." Skel slaps Po atop his head. "We're
gonna give the chocolate to girls. Y'know, women go gaga for you if
you give 'em something sweet!"
"O-oh, I get it. Spoken like a true professional, Skel. You always teach
me so much."
"I know, right?" crows Skel, feeling full of himself.
"Come on, Cid. Let's get going."
"Let's go, Cid."
There's a sparkle in their eyes.
"Fine, I'll go," I agree with a sigh.
I have to admit I'm a bit curious to see what the chocolate of this
world is like.
Skel takes us to the main street in the capital. The bustling evening
streets are overflowing with people, and every store in this superhigh-scale area seems packed to the brim. Mitsugoshi is more
crowded than the rest of the shops by a long shot.
"Wow, it's so friggin' cool."
A brand-new, swanky building stands tall in the sky—trendy to the
point that it seems almost contemporary. I haven't felt this out of my
element since I walked into a high-end store in my past life.
Page | 177
There's an enormous line snaking out from the entrance. All the
people waiting for their turn seem to be members of noble families
or their guests. One glance is all I need to know these are wealthy,
special customers. At the very end of the line is a woman in uniform
holding a sign. The wait time is approximately eighty minutes.
"It's an eighty-minute wait," I protest.
"I'm sure we'll make it back before our dorm curfew," argues Po.
"We've already gotten this far. Let's go," insists Skel.
"But I've heard there are slashers on the loose. I don't want to stay
out too late..."
"The three of us are friggin' dark knights, you nitwit. We'll slash 'em
right back!" Skel pats the sword on his lower back.
"Y-you're right."
"Did you say slashers?" I ask, interrupting their conversation.
"I've heard there were recent killings in the capital, happening at
night. And they've been carried out by expert fighters who've
already taken down members of the Knight Order...," whispers Po.
"Ooh, creepy. I wouldn't be caught dead walking around at night."
A slashing cutscene? Sounds fun. Sign me up.
"Chop-chop! If we don't get in line, we won't make it in time for
curfew," presses Skel.
Po and I trudge to the end of the line.
"Hi, m-m-ma'am. Y-you're pretty. G-g-got any hobbies?" Skel
attempts to pick up the employee with the sign as soon as we get
there.
But she flashes him a battle-hardened smile and proceeds to ignore
him before staring at me with a cheerful grin for reasons unknown.
Page | 178
"Excuse me, sir. Could I have a moment of your time?"
She's an exquisite woman whose face is calm and refined with darkbrown hair that matches the color of her eyes. Her work uniform is a
short and simple navy-blue dress marked with the Mitsugoshi logo. It
reminds me of the flight attendants I saw in my past life.
"Who? Me?" I ask, pointing to myself.
"Yes. Please participate in our short survey."
A survey? That's a rarity in this world.
"Sure, I guess..."
"Thank you."
"I-I-I'll take the survey, too!"
"S-so will I!"
Skel and Po make a last-ditch effort to charm her.
"One customer will suffice," she replies, hooking her arm in mine.
Together, we cut the long line and make a beeline into the store.
When I look behind me at the last second, I can see the
disappointment in Skel's and Po's eyes.
I follow the woman into a boutique that seems excessively lavish.
The interior isn't outwardly garish, but I can tell every last detail of
decor has been carefully selected, and it gives off a chill vibe. Even
the untrained eye can tell it's decorated in a modern and tasteful
fashion.
She escorts me through the sales floor to a door labeled EMPLOYEES
ONLY. I manage to sneak a few peeks around me, and every product
that fills my vision is incredible.
Of course, I notice the rumored chocolate, but I also see coffee,
makeup, and soap. It's the first time I've seen any of these in this
Page | 179
world. Plus, their clothes, accessories, shoes, and underwear are all
designed with class and novelty in mind. Even I know these items will
fly off the shelves in this world. It's a no-brainer.
This place is unbelievable. It'll take the world by storm. It's only a
matter of time, I'm certain.
We walk through the staff door and down a passage to a humongous
stairway. I swear I've seen it in a certain movie about a luxury cruise
ship. We ascend the stairs and continue walking through a bright and
spacious hallway. At the very end of the hall is a large, sparkling door
carved with exquisite engravings.
Two lovely ladies stand in front of the door. They bow to me and
open it slowly.
What lies beyond is a space that looks like an enormous hall. There
are tall pillars that resemble those in ancient Greek temples and
marble floors that glisten under the light.
A red carpet has been unfurled, extending to the back of the room
and flanked by two rows of attractive women.
"Huh?"
The moment I set foot in the room, they all kneel simultaneously.
"Um... So how about that survey...?"
An enormous chair has been positioned in the backmost part of the
room. A crimson sunset pours down from the skylight and onto that
delicate masterpiece.
The seat remains empty.
A lovely blue-haired elf stands next to it. She's a refined woman with
a model-esque figure covered by an entrancing black dress. I know
that face.
Page | 180
"We've waited a long time for you, my lord." Another woman stoops
down to one knee with the elegance of an actress.
"Gamma..."
She's the third original member after Alpha and Beta. Anyone can
tell she's a genius by taking one look at her clever face and sharp
blue eyes. That's Gamma, the brains of the Shadow Garden.
Gamma is clever, I give her that. But she has one major flaw.
Her nickname is Gamma the Weak.
Even though she's one of the longest-serving members in the Seven
Shadows, Gamma is the weakest by far. To backtrack, the Seven
Shadows refers to the first seven members of the Shadow Garden. I
chose that name because it's badass. Obviously.
When it comes to fighting and physical activities, Gamma's instincts
are fatally poor. If Delta is the most talented fighter in the Seven
Shadows, Gamma is the worst. I personally think the two of them are
similar. If I said that out loud, I bet Gamma would blow her fuse and
Delta would tremble with mirth, but I know for a fact they're the
same type of person.
Page | 181
Page | 182
I learned two things when I was teaching Gamma and Delta how to
fight.
One: Intuition is wasted on an idiot.
Two: Intelligence means nothing without intuition.
At that point, I decided to try giving them the same instructions:
"Infuse your slash attack with a bunch of magic." And that's all.
I was suggesting they physically pummel the shit out of their
enemy—which is the brutish method I find absolutely abhorrent.
That's right; my core beliefs crumbled before this duo without pomp
or circumstance. If I even think about that day, I get a headache.
Yeah, let's not go there. Forget about it.
"Nice to see you again, my lord." Gamma gracefully walks toward me
like a model on a runway.
Her hips sway salaciously as I listen to the heart-stopping tap, tap,
tap of her heels against the floor.
"ZOINKS!" She trips and falls over nothing.
"Th-these heels are too darn tall."
And she blames it on her shoes.
Gamma clutches her nose as she rises to her feet. Meanwhile, the
women around her break into a lightning-fast whirlwind to produce
shorter pumps.
"W-well, then. Come this way, Master," Gamma continues as if
nothing happened, sauntering forward in totally different shoes.
But I don't really mind. There are only two ways to react when a girl
embarrasses herself: either pretend not to notice or go all out and
Page | 183
tease her. Even though I'm in the former camp myself, there's
something I have to say.
"Your nose is bleeding."
The girls around her hastily wipe the blood away.
"R-right this way, my lord."
I glance at Gamma's burning-red cheeks. She hasn't changed a bit.
She escorts me to the giant chair, where I take a seat. The view
is...fantastic.
Mighty fine, indeed.
There's a big and open space where a scarlet glow tumbles in
through the skylight, and two rows of hotties are kneeling beside the
red carpet. It's as if I've become king—the king of the Shadow Realm.
Gamma must have spent a fortune preparing this set for me.
My heart is pumping. I'm moved to the core. I cross my legs, rest my
cheek in my left hand, and raise the other, focusing my blue-violet
magic into my palm and shooting it into the heavens.
It almost blasts into the ceiling before it dissolves into a myriad of
lights that flood the entire room.
"Receive your reward..."
There is a downpour of light, falling upon the kneeling girls and
temporarily dyeing their skin a bluish violet. It only replenishes
energy, promotes magic circulation, and heals minor wounds... In
other words, nothing much.
"I'll treasure this day forever." Gamma's voice wavers as she kneels
at my side. Her performance is very convincing.
But she isn't the only one trembling. All the lovely ladies on both
sides of the long red carpet are quivering, and some are even
Page | 184
weeping. The employee who brought me here sniffles through her
tears. Gamma is the perfect director for her troupe of actresses.
"You've done well, Gamma. By the way, I have a question about this
company."
Yes, back to business. From the chocolate to the products on the
sales floor to the architectural design of the building—I can't imagine
them coming from this world.
"Ask me anything."
"Is this Mitsugoshi merchandise based off my stories?"
Gamma has always been interested in picking my brain for some
reason. Every time Delta beat the living shit out of her, she would
pester me in tears, begging me to tell her a story. That was when I
told Gamma about my Shadow Wisdom, which included randomly
embellished stories about chocolate and the other goodies in Japan
from my past life.
"Yes, my lord. I've only re-created a fraction of the divine knowledge
that you've imparted unto me."
"I s-see."
I only told her she could make chocolate by throwing together bitter
beans and sugar and waiting till it hardens. Calling that knowledge is
overkill. And how did she re-create all this? This must be what it
means to have a brain. I mean, she's eons smarter than me.
But that doesn't bother me. The world has its fair share of geniuses
and idiots. That's all there is to it.
But I do have one question.
"Do Alpha and the others know about this company?"
"Of course."
Page | 185
Oh, I get it.
They've fallen into their usual shindig of leaving me out. I understand
if it's hard for them to include the only guy here in their clique of
girls, but come on.
"A-and have you been making money?"
"Right now, we have shops in every major city both domestically and
abroad. Our business is expanding at a rapid pace. But how long will
we be able to hide in the shadows under the guise of a company?
This is the most important consideration."
What's with the cheesy, slipshod setup? It's unnecessary. Just get
to the point!
Basically, she's telling me that everyone is raking in dough from my
knowledge. Everyone but me. If they just gave me a teeny-tiny
portion of it, I wouldn't have scrounged for cash or chased down
coins like a dang dog.
Whatever, it's fine. The girls have prepared this huge prop for me, so
I can't complain.
But if I could just have a little slice of the pie.
"Um, I hope you don't mind me asking this, but could I borrow a few
zeni?"
I'll pay her back someday...maybe.
"Yes, I'll prepare it right away," Gamma responds quickly.
She gives orders to the woman who brought me here.
A few moments later, a wheelbarrow full of coins rolls into the room,
as tall as a mountain. I've never seen this many sparkling coins in one
place. This is easily over a billion zeni.
"Th-this is a bit..."
Page | 186
I can't borrow all this. I could never pay them back.
"—gh! Is this not enough? I'll send for more right aw—..."
"No, it's fine." I stop Gamma midsentence and reach toward the
coins, making a big show of thrusting my hand into the mountain.
The coins loudly clink together.
Now I've got their attention locked on my right hand. I concentrate
with all my might.
"Hmph!"
I take about fifteen coins in my right hand and show it to everyone in
the room, before slowly putting it into my right pocket. I've just
gotten one and a half million zeni richer.
And I have another one and a half million zeni in my left pocket, too.
While focusing their attention on my right hand, I snatched some
coins in my left at top speed, stuffing them into my pocket before
anyone could notice. Alpha or Delta might have picked up on it, but
Gamma never stood a chance.
"I-is that it? You can have all—..."
Watching her is hilarious to me. She thinks I'm only borrowing one
and a half million zeni, but I actually pocketed three million!
"That's enough for now," I say, holding back laughter.
"All right. Take this back." Gamma claps, and the gaggle of women
roll the wheelbarrow away.
Gamma kneels before me. "My lord, I think I know why you've come
today. It must be about the incident."
"Yes."
I nod. What incident?
Page | 187
"My sincerest apologies. We're currently investigating the matter but
haven't caught the culprit. Please be patient. I'll hunt down the
slasher in the capital—the fools in ebony, pretending to be in the
Shadow Garden."
"Hmm..."
This is the first I'm hearing about this.
"Hmm..."
Gamma gazes at Shadow as he trails off and begins contemplating.
Somewhere in her blue eyes, there's a hint of unease.
A tear streams down from the corner of her eye without warning.
Seeing those blue-violent rays reminds her of her past.
Gamma's life began with a light of the same hue.
If he'd never come, she would have died a rotting mound of flesh.
She was abandoned by her family, chased out of her home country,
stripped of everything in her possession. She fell into an abyss of
pain and fear and disappointment—and the one who rescued her
was the boy who produced the blue-violet light. She would likely
never forget that glow for her entire life. To Gamma, it represents
the light of survival.
Alpha once told Gamma there was life in it, and Gamma agreed, not
for logical but for instinctual reasons.
It didn't just heal external wounds—but a much deeper part of the
soul. When she touched the bluish light, it was as if she was released
from her shackles, liberated from something holding her back. She
finally felt like she had reclaimed her identity.
Page | 188
On that day, she was reborn. The moment she received the name
Gamma, she vowed to devote her new life only to him.
While her intentions were sincere, she was the least powerful
member of the Seven Shadows. She was defeated and surpassed by
newer members, left crawling on the ground and deeply humiliated.
Somewhere along the way, Gamma realized she couldn't beat her
peers. It didn't matter how hard she trained.
She was in anguish. What was she worth? She would rather die than
display her stupidity and bring everyone down. But he randomly
called out to her the day she planned to end it all. And he imparted
his Shadow Wisdom to her.
That insight showed her how to fight with her intelligence over
strength, and she dived headlong into his ways. And since she
thought this was her only chance at survival, she literally put her life
on the line to re-create his Shadow Wisdom.
When Gamma looks back on it, she's certain he recognized her
pain—that he shared his knowledge because he knew she was
hurting and had foretold the path she would walk in life.
It made her feel forlorn. It saddened her to know he was out of her
reach.
Does Shadow need me? Tears well up in her eyes whenever she
thinks about it. But that's why she needs to wipe the tears away and
keep fighting.
She'll make the Shadow Garden bigger and stronger, a more suitable
organization for Shadow...and on that day, she believes her wish is
certain to come true.
"I see. Very interesting." His voice pulls Gamma back to reality. "I
think I know who did this. I'll take a look around."
Gamma's chest tightens when she hears his omniscient tone.
Page | 189
She'd failed to help him once again. He could surmise the correct
answer with a snippet of information. Even if she mobilizes all her
subordinates, he could easily find hints she never could.
But Gamma refuses to give up. One day, he's bound to notice her...so
she has to persist.
"Nu, come forward." Gamma calls over the dark brunette who
brought him here.
"This is Nu. She's number thirteen."
"Wow."
He peers at Nu through narrowed eyes. His gaze seems sharp enough
to see to the depths of her power.
"Even though Nu only just joined us, even Lady Alpha has recognized
her for her strength. Feel free to use her as a liaison, for chores or
whatever you like."
"I'm Nu. It's a pleasure to meet you." Her voice trembles slightly
from nerves.
"I'll call you if something comes up."
"Understood." She bows and steps back.
"I guess I'll be going now." He stands. "Oh, almost forgot. I'd like to
buy some chocolate—the cheapest kind. If you could give me a
friends and family discount, that'd be great."
"We prepare our best chocolate in-house."
"Um...how much will that be?"
"With the friends and family coupon, that'll be one hundred percent
off."
"One hundred percent... That makes it free! Yippee, it's my lucky
day! In that case, I'll take three of 'em."
Page | 190
"Thank you for your business."
Gamma smiles when she sees him return to the role of Cid Kagenou
the normie.
"We're not gonna make curfew!"
"That's 'cause Cid took too long!"
"I said sorry and gave you chocolate."
The three of us sprint down the pitch-black streets of the capital.
I'm definitely one of the two reasons we're late. But Skel's and Po's
constant questions about that lady are the other reason. Nu—was
that her name? Either way, I just batted away their interrogation
with a bunch of maybes.
That said, I never would have pinned Alexia as the type to become a
real-life serial killer. If Delta's not the culprit, it's got to be Alexia. I
knew it was her the moment I heard about the recent crimes. She's a
princess who has it all. What could have possibly set her off...?
The woman's heart is an enigma.
You know, I don't look down on mass murderers. That's a way of life.
But sullying the name of the Shadow Garden is a whole different
story. Those unfortunate souls won't be getting away with this.
"Hey, did you hear that?"
"Nope, nothing."
Skel and Po are running ahead of me as they talk between
themselves.
It doesn't seem they heard it well, but to me, it was crystal clear.
Page | 191
It was the sound of two blades colliding, which means people are
fighting nearby.
I stop in my tracks.
"Yo, what's wrong?"
"We're gonna miss curfew!"
The duo pause shortly after I do.
I point to a back alley. "I'm gonna go take a shit."
They look like they can't believe I'm for real.
"If I don't go now, it's gonna stream down my legs when I run."
"That's an emergency."
"A question of curfew or pride."
Their faces turn serious.
"You guys go ahead. I don't want anyone to see me..."
"Ew... Gotcha! I won't tell anyone you took a dump outdoors!"
"No matter what anyone says...I think you made the right decision!"
"Oof, I can't hold it in. Hurry... Just leave me behind!"
"Cid... We'll never forget you!"
"Cid... Even if you poop outside, we'll always be friends!"
"Go! Goooooooooooo!!"
The pair turn on their heels and book it out of there.
After I watch them skitter away, I head down the back alley,
following the sounds of a duel. When I trace it to its source, I'm in
the heart of the dark alley.
Two dark knights are in the midst of a fierce battle.
Page | 192
There's no doubt in my mind that the one in the school uniform and
short skirt is Alexia. But the other is a masked man dressed entirely
in black.
Something obviously isn't right. I could understand if Alexia wore jetblack, pretending to be in the Shadow Garden, but not the other way
around. I climb to a rooftop and covertly watch them from above.
"Give it up already. There's no way you can win," says Alexia.
She seems to have the upper hand. The man in black isn't necessarily
weak; he just can't touch Alexia, who greatly improved with her
recent training.
His black coat is torn and tattered, and his blood is dyeing the
cobblestones a dark crimson. One final push will determine the
winner.
"Why do you kill the innocent? Is that why you fight?"
"We are the Shadow Garden..."
Just now, the man in jet-black definitely said, "Shadow Garden."
"Is that the only thing you can say? Is that what the man Shadow
seeks?"
"We are the Shadow Garden..." The man in jet-black repeats himself.
Without a doubt, this man is the Shadow Garden impostor.
Sorry for doubting you, Alexia. It looks like you're innocent. My
sincerest apologies.
But why is this guy impersonating the Shadow Garden?
That is the obvious next question, and I know the answer all too well.
I can fully understand him, because I am who I am.
The answer is adoration.
Page | 193
This man is enamored by the Shadow Garden...and secret
masterminds. I can't say I blame him. I mean, my whole journey
began because I loved shadowbrokers. I fell in love with the hidden
commanders in movies, anime, and manga and started imitating
them.
This impostor walked that same path and found the Shadow Garden.
Yes, he's the Shadow Garden's first follower in the world.
A warm feeling rises in my chest. I'm just happy to know a total
stranger accepts us and our ways. I'm glad to know I've chosen the
right path.
But this is unforgivable. Why? Because I'm a mastermind. If I forgive
those who tarnish my organization's name, then I no longer am one.
Right now, we can both call ourselves shadowbrokers, and I won't
stand or settle for that.
"It's over for you."
When Alexia thwarts his counterattack by knocking the sword out of
his hands, I feel another energy drawing near.
"It's over for you."
Alexia sends his sword flying, which clangs onto the cobblestone
road.
"...Hngh!" Alexia tumbles, evading a sudden attack from behind.
She blocks another rapid strike, drives her foot into the assailant's
stomach, and swiftly backs away. Glaring at her new opponents, she
steadies her breath.
There are two more dark knights dressed in jet-black.
Page | 194
Alexia clicks her tongue as she watches the first man lift his sword.
This makes three, and she guesses they're all strong, too.
Against one of them? She could win easy. She has a good chance of
taking two down. But to fight against three opponents is...
"It isn't very nice to pit three of you against a dainty girl."
I pray they humor her with an answer.
"How about three one-on-one battles? Or is that no good?" she
suggests.
They're slowly surrounding her from all sides. She's making sure her
back is covered as she inches away.
"Hey, look behind you. The moon is beautiful tonight."
One man nears her back, and she keeps him in check with her eyes.
Their swords dart around with small movements as they attempt to
gauge the other's intentions.
"Oh my. You're not going to look? I think you should." Alexia smiles.
Her red eyes glisten in the moonlight.
"Because there's a lovely lady behind you."
"—gr...!"
She gets him.
Alexia moves instantly, swinging her bare blade down to slice her
blockheaded opponent who turned back to check it out.
Die. She doesn't say it out loud but sneers at him instead. She rips
through the black cloak, spraying fresh blood.
But the cut isn't deep enough. She just needs one more hit to finish
him...
And in that moment, Alexia suffers a blow to the abdomen.
Page | 195
"Augh...!"
A black boot sinks into the side of her body, and she can hear her ribs
snapping under impact. As she spits blood and slashes her weapon,
she jams her sword into the black boot.
But the enemy evades her attack at the last second, and her blade
bounces off the cobblestones.
The men are too far to attack.
Alexia hacks up blood and wipes her mouth. Her hand is stained red.
At this point, she successfully distracted two of them, but there is
one left—the one who kicked her to stop her from killing the other
man. Alexia glares at him spitefully.
Three against one. The numbers haven't changed.
But the situation has gotten worse. Two of them are unharmed, and
the other is severely injured but capable of using his sword. She can't
ignore the last man.
On the other hand, Alexia's lungs are punctured by her broken ribs.
They'll kill me, she thinks. I guess this is it.
Alexia extracts a red pill from a pocket on her school uniform. She
secretly nabbed the drug before the warehouse burned down. She's
against brutish swordplay, but she prefers it to death. Alexia brings it
to her lips. While praying that her impromptu strategy will work, she
raises the pill to her lips.
At that moment, something inky comes down from the sky, landing
as silently as an owl gliding through the night.
The black blade bisects one opponent, from which blood erupts. The
suffocating stench of gore penetrates the alleyway. With a sharp
swing, the man in ebony, Shadow, splatters the blood off his sword
in a red line along the wall.
Page | 196
"To the fools who mock the name of the Shadow Garden..."
This is Shadow, the strongest being in existence. He's the one who
demonstrates perfect swordplay—and the one she could never
forget.
Is Shadow...fighting them?
That's what it looks like.
"Pay for your sins with your lives," Shadow continues.
In the next moment, the men in jet-black are set in motion, making
an instant decision to spring from the cobblestones, bound off the
wall, jump onto the rooftop, and flee.
"How pathetic..." Shadow moves to pursue them.
"Please wait...!"
Her voice stops him in his tracks. He turns back slowly, fixing his eyes
on her.
Her sword trembles violently. She realizes...she is doing something
stupid.
"I am Alexia Midgar, one of two princesses in this kingdom."
Shadow just stares at her. She knows he can take her life if he feels
like it.
"State your purpose. What are you fighting for? Who are you fighting
against? And...do you pose a threat to my country?"
Shadow turns his back to her.
"Stay out of it. Ignorance is bliss."
"Wha—...?! Wait, if you're saying you oppose the kingdom...!"
"And what would you do if I did?"
She's taken aback by his bloodlust.
Page | 197
Faced with an insurmountable force, she instinctively cowers. But
defying our instincts is what makes us human.
"I'll fight you. I know you're going to try to kill my big sister, and I
can't let that happen."
Shadow lets his coat billow behind him.
"I understand your swordplay. I may not be able to now, but
someday, I'll..."
"Kill me?" he guesses.
With those parting words, Shadow vanishes into the darkness.
Alexia murmurs in the dark to herself. "Yeah, that's right..."
Silence returns to the night. Deserted and alone, Alexia clutches her
stomach and huddles into herself. Her sword falls from her quivering
hands. She knows she's done something stupid. But she's recently
discovered a reason to fight: to protect the few things she holds
dear—her only sister and her one friend.
"This isn't good..."
Alexia is about to pass out.
She knows something bad will happen to her if she blacks out in the
alleyway. She tries using the wall to lift herself up.
"Alexia... Alexia!" A voice calls to her in the distance.
"Hey, Iris... Iris! Over here!"
"Alexia...!!"
The footsteps draw closer. Something soft catches Alexia in midair
before her body hits the ground.
"Alexia! What have you done...?!"
"Iris..." Alexia buries her face in her sister's chest.
Page | 198
"Prepare yourself. I'll have you fill me in on all the details later."
"...Okay."
"Including this."
"Huh...?" Alexia sees the scattered red pills on the cobblestone road,
where she dropped them. "Listen, Iris. I don't know anything about
them."
"Quiet."
"I don't know. Honest."
"This is unforgivable."
"Oh, my head..." Alexia decides to let herself pass out and leave
these things up in the air.
Two shadows dash through the dark streets of the capital.
As they grow concerned about attacks from behind, the men in black
veer down an alley and skid to a halt. They appear to be in a hurry.
They place their hands against the wall, trying to steady their ragged
breath. For a few moments, only their harsh inhales echo through
the dark alleyway.
Thunk.
A sound from the depths of the alley.
They quickly turn to peer into the darkness. A black silhouette takes
form in the shadows, coming toward them.
Thunk, thunk.
The sound of his boots draws closer.
Page | 199
The men cautiously ready their swords. But then, a black blade is
jabbed into one of their heads, instantly passing through the hapless
soul's skull without warning.
"Agh... Aghh... Aghhh...!"
The ebony katana is withdrawn as the man shrieks in agony, spouting
blood and dropping to the ground.
The remaining impostor starts backing away in fear when the figure
emerges from the shadows and makes his appearance. In a black
coat, he possesses a sword and keeps half his face hidden behind a
magician's mask.
"Did I keep you waiting?" His voice is deep, as if resounding from the
depths of the earth.
"Eek...!" yelps the man in black as he steps backward.
"Why are you afraid?" he asks. "Did you really think...you could
escape?"
The man in black turns to flee.
"Wha—?!"
"Great work, Master Shadow."
He turns to find a woman standing there. She's alluring and elegant,
wearing a short dress.
"You secured the culprit in no time at all. I'm in awe," she comments.
"Is that you, Nu?"
"Yes," she replies, continuing the conversation with the assassin
sandwiched between them.
He backs up against a wall.
"Please leave the rest to me. I'll extract information from him."
Page | 200
The man in ebony lowers his sword.
"...Don't mess this up," he warns.
"Understood."
He turns on his heels and vanishes into the darkness. The lovely
woman bows her head as she watches him depart.
The beauty and the man in jet-black are left in the narrow alley. The
latter is fully armed, but the former is weaponless in a dress and
heels.
The man acts quickly. With a series of rapid slashes, he stabs the
unarmed girl to death.
At least...that's what he hoped to do.
With her dress upturned, she rends the night asunder with her
white, sensual legs.
Ka-chank. The man's sword falls to the cobblestone road.
There's a beat before eight of his fingers drop next to it.
"A-aghh...!"
It's hard to tell if he's trying to retrieve his eight fingers or his sword.
With only the thumbs remaining, he extends one of his hands.
But it's crushed by a high heel.
"Gyah...!"
With that, an ebony blade emerges from the toe of her stiletto. The
blood from his fingers flows over the cobblestones.
"I'm not as kind as Master Shadow."
He can hear the bitterness in her voice. The man looks up to find a
gaze cold enough to freeze him to death.
"Don't think I'll let you die in peace."
Page | 201
With the hem of her dress rippling through the air, she slams his chin
with her milky knee.
The next morning, a ghastly corpse is found hanging over the main
street in the capital. There is a message written in blood on its
stomach:
***
The face of the dead man is warped with agony and fear.
Lying in an immaculate bed, Alexia looks up to see her sister's stern
face.
"I know what happened." Iris is seated next to the bed. "The murders
weren't committed by the Shadow Garden but by impersonators
from another organization."
"Shadow mentioned that," Alexia adds.
"Shadow, huh...? We still don't know what this organization is." Iris
lowers her eyes in contemplation. "During the attacks on the capital,
I identified the existence of a dark knight who may be in the Shadow
Garden."
"The one who goes by Alpha."
Iris nods. "Other sources have indicated the Shadow Garden is an
extraordinarily powerful organization. And your report confirms their
name and the existence of a man called Shadow. But that's all we
know. Everything else is a mystery. We don't even know their goal."
"Shadow was fighting the Cult of Diablos. Maybe their purpose has
to do with them."
"Which makes the Cult our clue..." Iris lets out a sigh.
Page | 202
"Iris...?"
"I thought they were a normal religion that believes in Diablos the
demon, but it looks like they're pulling the strings in more operations
than we'd thought."
"Like that fire?"
"There's that. And the budget for the Crimson Order. I can't get the
go-ahead, so I'll be funding it out of pocket for now."
Alexia knits her brows together. "Does that mean the Cult not only
infiltrated the Knight Order but that they're also civil officers?"
"I don't know. They're either members of the Cult or taking
bribes...but I can't say for sure. After all, I was reckless in throwing
together the new Order."
"I'll help you pay for it."
"It's the thought that counts. You know how many members are in
the Crimson Order, right?" Iris smiles bitterly.
"Eight."
"Right, just eight. With my contributions, they could easily survive for
over ten years."
"Then can't we make the Order bigger?"
"It would be senseless to make it bigger now. We don't even know
who we're fighting yet."
"Iris, um..." Alexia apprehensively looks up at her sister. "Which is
the enemy of the Crimson Order: the Shadow Garden or the Cult of
Diablos?"
Iris smiles. "Both. I refuse to allow any mischief in this kingdom."
"Iris... We shouldn't fight Shadow." Alexia clenches the bedsheets.
"Alexia, drop it..."
Page | 203
"Iris, you wouldn't say this if you knew him. I know you saw that
attack that colored the night sky throughout the capital!"
"We've already concluded that was just the artifacts burning."
"But I saw him use his magic!"
Iris huddles close to Alexia and peers into her red eyes. "That sort of
power is impossible for humans to achieve. Spending too much time
in captivity has made your memory foggy. And I bet all those strange
drugs made you hallucinate. I don't think you're lying, but I do think
you need rest."
"Iris!"
Iris places both of her hands on top of Alexia's. "And even if it really
did come from that Shadow, we can't turn a blind eye to him. Who
will protect our country if I flee?"
"Iris..."
Iris strokes Alexia's hair, then rises to her feet. "Get some rest until
you're healed."
"...I'll help you when I get better."
"That won't be necessary."
"Huh?"
"Oh, you're under house arrest. I must've forgotten to tell you."
"You can't be serious!"
"For stealing evidence." Iris shows her the red pills, and Alexia's jaw
drops to the floor.
"Think about what you've done."
The door slams closed behind her.
Page | 204
Page | 205
Page | 206
Page | 207
Chapter 5
Mastering the Peaceful Life of a Nobody!
I'm being watched.
I feel their gazes when I walk into class. Everyone's watching me and
whispering.
"That's him."
"The one who shit himself as he ran..."
"I heard he crapped on the street so everyone could see."
I shoot daggers at Skel and Po. Their eyes nervously flicker around
the room.
"Th-that was a real disaster yesterday."
"G-good morning. It must've been tough for you."
"Yeah, morning. And today is much worse."
They wear a pair of stiff smiles, and I heave a huge sigh.
"A-anyway, did you bring your chocolate from yesterday?" Skel takes
out a baggie.
"I brought mine," Po chimes in.
"Yeah, I guess," I say.
"All right. Come lunchtime, Operation: Give-a-Gift begins!"
"Ooh, I'm so excited!"
"Yeah, whatever you say."
Page | 208
Which brings us to lunch.
We follow Skel, who claims he'll show us how it's done.
He stands in the hallway near a classroom for the second-year
students. We observe him from a distance.
"He's going for an upperclassman? Go, Skel."
"Yeah, whatever you say."
After a few seconds pass, a cute girl exits the classroom.
"Uh, um...here." Skel holds out the chocolate.
"Hey, you got some business with my fiancée?" A pair of large hands
clutch his shoulders.
There's a crazy-buff senior behind him.
"Oh...I...I just..."
"Let's take this outside. Y'know, to talk it out."
The two of us ignore his distressed stare and turn away.
"Let's go."
"Yeah, whatever you say."
I can hear Skel screaming behind me.
Po takes me to the library. It's an enormous resource shared
between the academies for dark knights and sciences. Naturally, this
isn't where the jocks of the school hang out. Though, of course, it's
not for me, either.
"Which means you're after someone from the Academy of Science."
Page | 209
"Yes. I'm not taking Skel's approach. See, I did a thorough
investigation on her. I know her friends; her favorite foods; her dorm
room number; which bathroom she uses; her shoe size and the smell
of her feet; the color of her underwear; her hip, bust, and waist
measurements; and I used a cup she drank from to..."
"All right, enough. Just go already."
I drag Po into the library and walk away. I don't see what happens
next.
"Eeeeeeeeek!! It's that guy! My stalker!"
Almost instantly, I hear screaming behind me.
The bag of chocolate sways as I walk around the library. I usually
never come here. It's nice.
I speak to the first girl from the Academy of Science that I pass.
"Here's some chocolate."
"Huh?" She's a hottie with light-pink hair.
I hand off the bag of chocolate and leave.
"Wait! What?"
I can hear her getting all confused. I think I've seen her face before,
but I can't remember where.
"I wonder what this is."
A cute girl with peach-colored hair in the study room cocks her head
to the side. She scrutinizes the brown objects in the box with relaxed
eyes. Even after taking the fragrant thing in her hand, she can't
Page | 210
identify it. She's almost certain the boy had called it chocolate when
he gave it to her.
"Sherry, are you all right?"
There's a middle-aged man standing behind her with salt-and-pepper
hair all slicked back.
"Assistant Principal Lutheran..."
"You promised to call me Father in private."
"Foster Father." Sherry smiles uncomfortably.
"Why do you have that box of chocolate?"
"Chocolate? A boy from the Academy for Dark Knights gave it to
me."
"You don't say." Lutheran thoughtfully strokes his beard. "That's the
luxury snack. All the girls have been talking about it. I think he gave it
to you as a gift."
"What? But I don't even know him."
"They call it 'love at first sight.' That's the finest chocolate in the
world. You can line up for it at the crack of dawn and still not be able
to purchase it. He must have done the impossible to get it for you."
"Love at first sight...," Sherry murmurs, her cheeks tinged pink.
"How will you answer him?"
"Answer him...?"
"He must be waiting for your response."
"B-but I..." Her face flushes bright red, and her eyes dart back and
forth.
"You're not just here to do research. You should learn how to
interact with your peers. That's what school is for."
Page | 211
"...I will."
He gently grins at Sherry, who's hung her head.
"Is all going well with the artifact?"
"I've only just started." Sherry smiles uneasily, her cheeks still slightly
flushed.
"That's totally understandable."
"But I do know one thing: It's written in a unique code."
"A unique code?"
Sherry spreads documents across a table. "I'm guessing it was used
by an ancient country or organization. And...it's almost identical to
the one from Mother's research."
"Oh, Lukreia's... She was a great researcher, too." Lutheran closes his
eyes as if remembering the past.
"I need to crack the code that Mother researched right before she
died."
The face examining the documents was that of a brilliant researcher,
no question.
"It's just the right job for you."
"Thank you."
When Lutheran lightly pats her head, Sherry is bashful.
"Where is the artifact now?" he asks.
"A knight is guarding it in the other room."
"You're not holding on to it?"
"Only if it's necessary. It's important for me to think in peace. Plus, I
get too nervous around the knights."
Page | 212
"I see. Cough, cough... E-excuse me..." Lutheran turns away to hack.
"Foster Father! Are you all right?" Sherry panics and rubs the back of
a skeletal man with sunken-in cheeks.
"I-I'm fine. It's okay." Lutheran calms his breath. "And I was just
feeling good the other day. I guess illness can be unpredictable."
"Foster Father..."
"Don't worry about me. More importantly, I received another
message from the college town asking if you'd like to study abroad."
"The college town, Laugus..."
"The most brilliant scholar in the world has acknowledged your
research. If you study in Laugus, your skills will only improve. It's a
fantastic offer."
Sherry shakes her head. "I can't leave you alone sick, Foster Father."
"You don't have to worry about me, Sherry."
"I would have died if you hadn't taken me in when Mother passed
away. I'm going to help you...for helping me," she states with tears
forming in her eyes.
"Sherry...you're a wonderful daughter," Lutheran replies with a kind
smile. "Good luck on your research. And eat your chocolate."
"...I will."
Lutheran exits the study room. Sherry puts the chocolate in her
mouth.
"It's sweet... It's delicious."
She reaches for a second piece.
Page | 213
I'm on my way back home after an Alexia-less, Skel-less, Po-less day.
The campus has assumed the orange hue of the setting sun. I walk
through the campus, where there aren't many students, when a girl
suddenly approaches me. Her uniform indicates she's in her second
year at the Academy of Science. Her dark-brown hair is pulled back
into bun. A drab pair of glasses covers her dark-brown eyes.
But a seasoned extra can tell: She's an inconspicuous beauty who's
pretending to be a minor character.
"Hey, can I talk to you for a minute?"
I've heard that voice before.
"Nu?" I whisper. She nods in reply.
It's crazy how a change of hair and makeup can conceal an elegant
woman.
"Are you planning on going to school here?" I ask in a hushed voice.
"No, I'm just borrowing the uniform. It helps me blend in with the
others."
"I see."
I don't know most of the students here. As long as she's in uniform,
there's a good chance she'll stay undetected.
"Where do you want to talk?"
"Let's head to that bench."
There's no one near the seats that overlook the campus, and the two
of us sit under the dazzling glow of the sunset.
Page | 214
Nu surveys the academy. Behind her glasses, she narrows her eyes.
If her life had gone differently, she would have been in her second
year. Until the day she was abandoned for being possessed, she
always believed she would have a peaceful, successful future.
But that ended up being nothing more than a fantasy.
For little did she know, everything she took for granted—her friends,
family, life itself—rested atop a thin tower of ice. Nu was a happy
child who didn't know what lurked underneath that fragile construct.
Her eyes observe the students in envy and sorrow, and she
recognizes a few of their faces.
In many social circles, Nu was known as the daughter of the
marquess, living an affluent lifestyle.
But that time in her life has passed. She's been erased from the
history of her household, as if she never existed.
She wonders how many of her friends still remember her.
Maybe they talk about her. But she guesses they'd rather spread
hateful rumors.
That's what happens to the possessed.
There's no reason she has to meet Shadow at school in daylight, but
she can't relinquish her last shred of hope. She wants to believe she
has a place in a tranquil corner on this campus. She wants to relish in
this foolish dream.
Nu smirks.
Page | 215
She has no place to call home, but she has comrades who share the
same goal. And sitting right next to her...is her beloved master.
He started fighting all by himself. Even if he was the last man in the
world, he would continue to fight. His existence is what keeps the
Shadow Garden afloat.
People are frail and want to rely on something definite. If god is
essential to Earth, then Shadow is essential to the Shadow Garden.
But she believes he's better than god. If she opens her eyes, she can
see him—and if she reaches out, she can touch him.
"Hmm? What's up?"
"There's something on you." Nu wipes a stray thread off his shoulder
and looks at his profile. "Please don't tell Gamma about this. She'd
be so mad if she found out I snuck onto campus in broad daylight."
"You got it. But I was really surprised. That makeup makes you look
totally different."
"My face is bland, so it's easy for me to change my appearance. I've
always been good with makeup. I guess you could call it one of my
old hobbies."
"Wow, and your Mitsugoshi persona?"
"When I'm there, I make myself look much older than I really am."
"I see. By the way, how old are you?"
"It's a secret." Nu flashes a beguiling smile. "I'm here to report on
the incident yesterday with the man in black."
"Great."
"I interrogated the pretender but couldn't get anything out of him. I
suspect rigorous brainwashing destroyed his psyche. Judging from
his other physical characteristics, I believe he is a Third Child."
Page | 216
"Huh?"
The Children of Diablos.
If the Cult finds impoverished orphans or young citizens who possess
even the slightest bit of magic, its members will snatch them from
the streets and raise them in a special facility. There, the children
undergo brutal training and brainwashing. They're loaded with drugs,
and it's said that fewer than 10 percent of them manage to
"graduate."
The Third Children are those in the 10 percent who are deemed
worthless. They only exist to be sacrificed and abandoned. With
minds too corrupted to leak classified information, the Thirds are
more powerful than the average knight.
The Seconds are mentally stable. The few Firsts in existence are said
to be the greatest warriors in the world.
Nu doesn't tell Shadow that, of course. She doesn't think she has to
explain common knowledge to him.
"The Cult is clearly pulling the strings in these incidents. I imagine
their purpose is to lure us in."
"Hmm."
"But that isn't their only goal. The other day, we confirmed the
existence of a Named First Child in the capital. He's called Rex, the
Game of Betrayal. I'm guessing they're gathering for a particular
purpose. Right now, we're not sure where Rex is, but we're currently
investigating the matter."
"Hmm?"
The Named Children.
They are the Children of Diablos who have made extraordinary
contributions to the Cult. Most of the Named are First Children, but
Page | 217
there are rare cases of a Second. There are Named who have risen
through the ranks to the Knights of Rounds, which is why it's said this
title is the gateway to success.
And one member of the Shadow Garden used to be a Named First
Child. All this information has been provided by that same woman.
But Nu skips over these details, of course. She figures he already
knows this.
"Please be careful. The Cult is up to something. We'll keep
investigating and report back as soon as we know more."
"Hmm."
The evening sun is sinking beneath the horizon. This dim glow of the
sun turns the clouds vermilion.
Nu fans her neck, which is slightly sweaty from the heat, and stands
up. After stretching beside her, Shadow rises to his feet.
There could have been a future where they spoke as lovers and
spent their days together at school. Nu smiles wistfully, imagining
what might have been.
And even if it's a moment of indulgence...
"Hey, don't you know how to escort a lady?"
"Escort? You mean like this?"
He sticks out his left arm, and she links with him, walking side by
side, and smiles.
This was the future she should have had.
A male student screams from far away. "Shit spillerrr!!"
Nu crossly clicks her tongue.
Page | 218
She recognizes the boy who ruin the mood. He's the piece of trash
who would constantly hit on her in social circles. She decides to beat
him up afterward.
Next to her, Shadow looks around nervously for some reason. Nu
squeezes his left arm.
Who's the strongest dark knight in school? Two years ago, the
answer would have been Iris Midgar.
After she graduated, there would come a time when no champion
reigned over the Midgar Academy for Dark Knights. At least, that was
what everyone thought.
But a champion appeared out of the blue.
An unexpected person assuming an unusual form rose to absolute
dictatorship over the academy.
And her name is Rose Oriana.
She's a transfer student from the land of art and culture, known as
the Oriana Kingdom, where she is daughter of its ruler, King Raphael
Oriana.
The Oriana Kingdom and the Midgar Kingdom are allies. And
although she was expected to transfer to the Midgar Academy for
Dark Knights, no one ever imagined she'd become the unrivaled
champion at school.
Frankly, it doesn't matter whether it was expected.
The problem is Rose Oriana is my opponent in the first round of the
preliminary tournament.
Page | 219
I do have the option to withdraw.
Skel got tough love from an upperclassman in a body slam. Po got
disciplinary action for sneaking into the girls' dormitory. Which
basically means I can get out of the preliminaries if I make up an
excuse.
But now that I think about it, losing to the undefeated champion in
the first round is exceedingly normcore.
It's fitting for a minor character—there's no mistaking it.
I won't be withdrawing. My mission is to partake in the most normie
fight in the world—for normies, by normies!
Which is why I'm now drawing my sword in front of a huge audience.
Princess Rose Oriana is standing right before my eyes.
With her honey-colored locks elegantly curled, Rose dons stylish
fighting gear and wields a slender sword. The curves in her face are
gentle, her figure is stellar, and everything about her is just plain
chic. It's what one could expect from the princess of the country of
the arts.
To top it off, Rose is also Student Council president despite being a
transfer student in her second year. Thanks to her beauty, strength,
and popularity, people are cheering enough to rock the stadium.
No one is shouting my name. I sort of wish they would cheer for a
fellow countryman, but whatever.
This is the stage for a side character. The best one of all.
My sword violently shakes in my hands.
I wonder if I've ever felt this nervous before a fight. She could claim
victory, commit murder, vaporize me without a trace, but that's all
too simple. No one wants to see a cop-out. They want to see me lose
harder than anyone else.
Page | 220
How does one define normie-ness?
I'm stepping into philosophical territory here.
But have no fear. I've mastered the Forty-Eight Hands of Minor
Mystery technique in preparation for this day.
"Rose Oriana versus Cid Kagenou!" the judge announces.
Electric sparks shoot from our eyes—her honey-colored irises and my
normie ones.
Hey, Rose Oriana. Can you keep up?
Keep up in the ultimate fight with a background character!
"Let the battle begin!!"
Rose's rapier begins dancing through the air the moment the match
starts. It draws beautiful, sharp spirals as it approaches my chest.
If I was a real side character, I wouldn't be able to react in time.
But I can see it.
I see it...and I don't flinch. I can't let her see a single reaction.
Why? 'Cause that's how we roll.
I won't move an inch until the rapier hits my chest. The tip of the
weapon is blunt for this preliminary round, but that doesn't mean I'll
come out unscathed.
The rapier touches my chest.
At that moment, I make my move.
Without showing any other movements, I lunge back using the
strength in my toes, and I use the force of the rapier pushing against
my chest to add a spin.
From a secret pocket near my wrist, I tear open a bag filled with
blood that I collected for this day.
Page | 221
All this has taken less than ten deciseconds.
I'm spinning backward as I spout blood like a fountain.
***
As a ruby tornado, I create a beautiful masterpiece of splattered
blood.
I call this my Hidden Normie Technique: Spinning Guard, Bloody
Tornado.
I clumsily bounce off the floor and roll over.
The cheers from the audience shake the arena.
"Guh...guh...gyaaaaaahhhhhh!" I slice open another bag and start
spewing blood everywhere.
It's perfect!
Everyone in this venue totally buys that I'm a side character. I almost
flash my pearly whites after my perfect-ten performance, but I stop
myself.
It isn't over yet.
That's right. This isn't the end.
"Gurg, ga-aaah, AAAAAARGH!!" I rise to my feet, pretending I'm
literally ten seconds away from death.
Yeah...that's because there are still forty-seven techniques left.
How is he standing?
Rose Oriana is stunned by the boy who keeps getting back up no
matter how many times she knocks him down.
Page | 222
He's soaked in blood, and no one can tell if he can lift up his sword.
He doesn't look like he can fight— No, it's a miracle he can even
stand.
Although her sword is thin, her attack certainly isn't light. The tip of
her blade may be blunt, but the magic inside of it is real. If she got
one decent shot, he'd be rendered useless.
But...exactly how many times has she hit him?
It wasn't just once or twice. Even though he endured at least ten
strikes, he still rises to his feet with unrelenting vigor.
How is he still standing after all that? His body has exceeded its
physical limits, but his eyes seem devoid of death.
His fierce gaze tells her he still has something left to do.
That's right. His soul surpasses the limitations of the body, and his
unyielding soul is holding his broken being together.
His valor leaves a deep impression on Rose. How badly does he want
to win this battle and why? He must have a reason he can't allow
himself to lose.
There is an immense difference in skill. He doesn't have so much as a
one-in-a-million chance, but even then, he refuses to give up.
His fiery eyes glare at Rose.
It isn't over yet. This isn't the end.
Rose is moved that the tenacious spirit of a hero can defy death in
the face of an undefeatable opponent. She has great respect for him,
offering her deepest apologies for assuming it'd be an easy victory.
He's certainly hopeless when it comes to a sword fight, but as for the
battle of spirits, Rose has completely lost.
"You'll perish with my next attack."
Page | 223
Which is why she chooses to end it quickly. If he keeps this up, he'll
get up until he dies. That and...she didn't want to kill a promising
young fighter.
No one is cheering in the arena anymore. Everyone watches the boy
in horror.
Her sword reaches the apex of magic on this day. The sky quakes,
and the people in the audience, concerned, mumble to one another.
"Looks like you're not giving up."
His eyes burn brighter and brighter, not even slightly fearful of her
oncoming attack but instead displaying an insatiable determination
to fight.
He leaves her with no choice but to unleash her full power.
Rose's sword hums through the air.
"Stop!! That's enough. This battle is over!"
The referee steps between them and ends the match. He judges it
would be too dangerous to continue.
Rose is relieved, simply put.
But the boy feels differently.
"Come on! I've still got thirty-three left..."
His eyes are screaming, I can still fight!
"The winner is Rose Oriana!!"
A mighty applause congratulates Rose.
She waves back at the audience before bowing deeply to Cid, who's
in a heap on the floor.
Page | 224
I was almost brought to the first aid office after preliminaries, but I
slip away when no one's looking.
That was a close one.
If anyone saw I was unscathed, it'd be a huge mess. Had I stayed any
longer, I might've had to start taking swings at myself.
I leave through the player entrance and walk down an empty
hallway.
I guess I'll have to wait until next year to show off the rest of the
thirty-three esoteric techniques. Or I bet I'll have a good opportunity
to use them before then.
"U-umm..."
"Hmm?"
An unfamiliar student calls over to me out of the blue. I don't
recognize her voice. I'm not sure, but I feel like I've seen this peachhaired cutie in her uniform for the Academy of Science before.
"Are you hurt?"
"I've just barely avoided...anything serious...maybe?" I casually pose
with my hand to the wound on my chest.
"I'm glad to hear that. I watched your fight."
"O-oh, really."
"I don't usually watch battles, but I thought it was really cool the way
you stood up over and over again."
"Er, 'cool'...?"
Page | 225
"Yeah..." Her cheeks turn pink, and she nods.
To think a normie is cool. Geez, she has weird taste. I guess there
were a lot of spectators, so it isn't too odd there were oddballs in the
bunch.
"Um, here..." She timidly holds out a small pouch.
"What's this?"
"I baked you cookies. In return for the..."
It must be a thank-you for putting on a good show.
"Thanks."
I figure Why not? and take them.
She smiles cheerfully.
"I-if you wouldn't mind, I'd like to start off as friends."
"Friends? Sure thing."
My general policy is to not embarrass women—with a few
exceptions.
"Yay! Foster Father, I've made a friend!"
Foster father?
I follow her line of sight to see a middle-aged man walking toward us.
He has black, slicked-back hair with gray streaks. I know I've seen this
skeletal fellow before.
"Assistant Principal Lutheran..."
I've heard the assistant principal of this school is a master
swordsman who's won the Bushin Festival.
Which means this girl who loves him as her foster father must be...
"Sherry Barnett...!"
Page | 226
"Yes?"
According to my personal research, she has the most potential to
become the main character in the Academy of Science. I believe
she's supposed to be in a position where she gives the protagonist
advice, solves the greatest mysteries, and creates powerful, Bosstoppling devices. I never thought I would have to fight someone from
the Academy of Science, so I honestly didn't care and forgot all about
her.
"You must be Cid Kagenou." Assistant Principal Lutheran stands next
to Sherry.
"Yes."
"Any injuries?"
"I—I was miraculously... Oh yeah. Maybe she went easy on me?"
The assistant principal strokes his chin, quietly confirming my
suspicion.
"Yes, I think Rose was holding back. But you must get yourself to a
doctor."
"Yes, absolutely."
I absolutely won't be doing that.
Lutheran nods and places a hand on Sherry's shoulder.
"This girl always has her nose in her research, so she doesn't have
many friends."
Page | 227
Page | 228
"Foster Father!"
The assistant principal merrily chuckles and continues to speak. "I
wasn't always able to laugh like this, you know. Sherry and I have
been through a lot. I hope you two can get along. It's all a father
could wish for."
Lutheran's face is stern as Sherry stands beside him with an
uncomfortable smile.
I only befriend side characters...but there's no way I can say that.
"...Sounds great."
"Well, I'll leave the rest up to you youngsters." The assistant principal
pats my shoulder and leaves.
"Um, it's nice to officially meet you."
"Nice to meet you, too."
"So what do you want to do?" She tilts her head. "Oh, right. We have
to get you to a doctor before anything else. I'm sorry for getting
carried away."
She smiles uneasily.
"No, don't worry about me. I'm fine."
"That may be true, but..."
"I don't need to see a doctor. I'll go later. Seriously, I will. Okay?
Yeah, so let's go out for tea or something."
"Um, are you sure you're okay?"
"Positive."
"Dark knights are incredible."
Page | 229
"Yep."
This stunner flashes me a smile. She's the furthest thing imaginable
from a background character.
After that, the two of us eat her cookies and talk over tea. We go our
separate ways when we finish. Though a perfectly average girl in
conversation, she seems to be flooded with requests from the Knight
Order, currently conducting research on a sacred artifact. I went the
extra mile and told her I was impressed. Oh, by the way, her cookies
were simple but downright delicious. She can never be a normie's
friend. But she goes to the Academy of Science, so we probably
won't meet again anyway.
The next day, I notify the school that I'll be taking five days off for
medical treatment to ease their suspicions.
My classmates are a little nicer to me when I finally come back.
Ever since Sherry befriended Cid, she feels like she's floating on air.
Cid has been absent from school due to the injuries he sustained at
the preliminaries.
He said he felt fine after the tournament and even joined her for tea,
but he seems to have overdone it after all. She's worried about his
condition.
She thinks about visiting him but doesn't want to be a bother. But
something is gnawing at her, and she needs to talk.
"Whew..." Sherry stops analyzing the artifact and lets out a sigh.
She can't focus on her work. Her head is too far in the clouds.
Page | 230
The afternoon sunlight flows into the study room.
No matter what she does, he's all she can think about.
She thinks back to the moment he gave her the chocolate, about his
unrelenting stance during preliminaries, about their conversation
over tea—over and over again.
She thinks about him during class and as she conducts her research,
right until she goes to bed.
"I wonder what's wrong with me...?"
She retrieves the empty box of chocolate from a drawer in her desk.
Even though she had already eaten the contents, she could not find
it in herself to throw away the beautifully decorated box.
The sweet aroma of chocolate still clings to it.
Sherry is also curious about a certain rumor.
From what she's heard, Cid and Princess Alexia are in love.
She doesn't know the specifics, but she imagines the rumor holds up
for it to make its way from the Academy for Dark Knights to the
Academy of Science.
"Mm!" Sherry stretches as she watches the curtain billow with the
wind.
"Okay. I'll do it."
She can't concentrate on anything.
Sherry decides she has to talk it out in person.
Knock, knock.
Sherry gives a few quick raps on a door in the dormitory for girls.
That's where the student in question is supposedly under house
arrest.
Page | 231
"It's me, Sherry Barnett, the second-year student at the Academy of
Science." She introduces herself through the door and waits for a
response.
"Hello," replies a voice at the same time the door swings open. "Is
there anything I can do for you, Sherry?"
"Yes. Apologies for the sudden visit."
"Come on in," suggests the room's resident, Alexia.
Her place is spacious and serene, much larger than the average dorm
lodgings. Sherry is told to make herself at home and perches on the
couch.
"Would you like black tea? I've also got coffee. Seems to be really
popular recently."
"Oh, I don't need anything."
"It's no trouble."
"O-okay. I'll take a coffee."
"All right." Alexia begins gracefully brewing a pot.
Sherry starts getting nervous. I'm in my second year, and she's only in
her first. No need to get worked up, she reassures herself with
nonsensical logic, thinking it's all good because she's Alexia's senior.
But on second thought, Alexia is royalty.
Maybe this isn't such a good idea.
No, no—she's the upperclassman here. She has to be confident.
"I can guess why you're here, Sherry."
Sherry jolts at those words. "U-umm..."
"This is about the artifact, right?"
"Well, not exactly."
Page | 232
There's the clink of a coffee cup. Alexia places it on the table in the
midst of an awkward lull in the conversation.
"Here you go."
"Th-thank you very much."
Alexia takes a seat opposite Sherry.
"Whoa, that's bitter...," Sherry whispers after taking a sip.
"It's easier to drink if you add milk and sugar."
"O-okay."
Sherry didn't mean for Alexia to hear that comment, but it looks like
she did. Sherry's automatic reflex is to add tons of milk and sugar
and chug it.
"Oh, it's so good."
"G-great... Those are the finest coffee beans from Mitsugoshi. I'm
glad you like it."
"Mitsugoshi... Oh, the place that sells chocolate. You know, that
place really is something. This coffee is so sweet and creamy."
"Uh, yeah, it sure is...," Alexia comments, looking as if she wants to
say, Because you're basically drinking sugar and milk.
"So what can I do for you?"
"Oh, right. Yes." Sherry puts down her cup, looking slightly pained as
she mumbles, "Actually, I'd like to ask you something."
"Okay."
"Um, like...if you've had a boyfriend recently and stuff."
"I'm sorry...?"
"A-and if you went out with Cid Kagenou and whether you're still
together and stuff."
Page | 233
"U-um..." Alexia scrutinizes her face to find out if she's being serious.
Sherry's eyes are darting around the room, and there's obvious
tension in her shoulders.
Alexia guesses she may not be good at conversation in general. She's
picked up that Sherry is nervous, but Alexia can't figure out the
reason behind her question.
"We broke up." Alexia speaks as calmly as possible.
"Really? Phew..." Sherry sounds elated, as if she feels relieved from
the bottom of her heart.
Alexia's cup clinks as she sets it down.
"Oh, but...but does that mean you actually dated...?" Her tone
changes drastically and sounds uneasy.
"It wasn't a real relationship. There were some circumstances that
required us to pretend."
"Oh, I see. That's great." Sherry giggles cheerfully.
Alexia's cup clangs.
"I just befriended Cid the other day."
"What? Y-you don't say..."
"Yes. I couldn't stop thinking about your relationship."
"Um, was that the only reason for your visit?"
"Yep! It distracted me so much, I couldn't focus on my research. I'm
just so happy to know you two aren't dating!"
"Y-yeah, great."
Alexia brings the cup to her mouth with a trembling hand. It's empty.
Page | 234
"Thank you so much! Oh, and thanks for the coffee!" Sherry takes
her leave with a bright smile—the exact opposite of the expression
she wore when she came in.
The moment she steps out of the room, there's a sound of
something breaking, but Sherry is too ecstatic to hear it.
Page | 235
Page | 236
Page | 237
Chapter 6
That Scene Where Terrorists Take Over
the School
The day after I return to school, my last class of the afternoon ends a
bit early.
"The candidates for Student Council and our current student
president will now give speeches. Everyone, please return to your
seats." The instructor addresses the students trying to book it out of
class.
"Where are the third-year students anyway?"
"Who knows."
I answer Skel's random question with a yawn. He's sitting next to me.
"The third-years are out the whole week for an after-school
program..."
Right when Po turns back in his seat to inform us, the door swings
open. Two girls enter as the instructor leaves the room. I know one
of their faces. She was my opponent from the other day: Rose
Oriana, the Student Council president. I've always wondered how a
normal school uniform can exude chicness when someone trendy is
wearing it.
"Um, today, our instructor has given us this precious time to tell you
about the Student Council election...," starts a girl in her first year
stiffly, as if she isn't used to public speaking.
Am I the only one who feels like this speech is going in one ear and
out the other?
Skel and I yawn as we space out through the speech. Po seems to be
taking notes.
Page | 238
Wait, I'm pretty sure I just made eye contact with the student
president. I would be surprised if she remembered the insignificant
background character she squashed in the first round.
"Hey, the student president just looked at me," says Skel, fixing his
bangs.
"Yup," I respond.
"Hey, hey. She might scout me for Student Council."
"Yup."
"Hey, hey, hey. Being on the council would bug me. I'd hate it."
"Yup."
This is how we pass the time. Then, out of nowhere, my magic feels
off.
"Huh?
"What is this?"
I'm constantly training by manipulating magic particles in my body,
but now it feels like I can't contain them anymore. Something is
blocking my magic flow. I'll probably have to pry it open or make the
magic particles even smaller to permeate the barrier.
As these thoughts run through my mind, I feel something rush
toward the classroom.
"It's here...," I say ominously, just because.
At that moment, I hear an explosion. The door flies off its hinges, and
my classmates fall into a frenzy. Just then, men in black burst into
the room with drawn swords.
"All of you, don't move! We are the Shadow Garden, and we're
taking over this school!" they scream, blocking the entrance.
"Are you serious...?" My groan is muted by the clamor around me.
Page | 239
The students can't move.
Maybe this is some kind of special training or a prank...or it was real.
Most of the students can't grasp that the Academy for Dark Knights
is under attack.
I'm the only one who completely understands what's happening. I'm
the only one who knows they're serious, that they're blocking our
magic, and that the same thing is happening in all the other
classrooms.
"Incredible...," I involuntarily utter in awe.
These guys did it. I mean, they're really going for it. They're doing
what all the boys in the world dream about, what fills a page in the
fantasies of boyhood adolescence.
They're reenacting the scenario where terrorists take over the
school!
I'm so moved, I'm shaking.
I can't tell you how many times I've imagined this scene. Hundreds,
thousands...millions of times. I've thought out countless iterations,
and right before me, my dream is coming to life.
"Stay in your seats! Put your hands up!" The men in jet-black swing
their swords to threaten the students, who are slowly piecing
together the situation.
They must be high-spec professionals with a cult following. I mean,
they chose to side with terrorists.
But the focus is, of course, on the student protagonists.
What will they do?
How will they act?
The possibilities are endless.
Page | 240
"You seem to have no idea where you are," echoes a gallant voice
across the room. A girl with a sword on her waist has confronted
them.
"Take over the Academy for Dark Knights? You must be out of your
mind."
Rose Oriana is standing up to them, completely alone.
"I think we asked you to put down the weapon, missy."
"No." She wields her rapier.
"Hmph. You'll be a good lesson for the others." He readies his
katana.
This is bad.
She hasn't realized she can't use magic.
"...What in the—?" With her sword at the ready, her face turns a
perplexed shade of red.
"Seems you've finally caught on." He sneers behind his mask.
At this rate, this is going to be really, really bad.
"But you're too late."
The all-black blade plummets toward Rose. She can't possibly defend
herself with her magic restrained.
I kick a chair over and run.
"—...nr!"
Stop. Don't do that. I process the situation at a breakneck speed, and
the world around me slows down. I'm both exhausted and furious in
this moment.
"...Aaaah!"
If this continues, she'll be the first person killed by the terrorists.
Page | 241
And that can't happen. I won't let it.
"Aaaaaaaah, AAAAAAH!!"
To be the first victim of these terrorists...is my duty...as an extra!
"Stooooooooopppppppppppppppp!!" I let out a soul-wrenching
howl as I leap between them.
As she watches the bare blade draw closer to her, Rose knows this is
the end.
Her fragile body can't tame the magic. Neither can she block nor
evade the attack. She tries to twist her torso to lighten the blow, but
even that movement is frustratingly sluggish.
She won't make it in time.
Her death has come. That's reality.
At that moment, a shout rings out that she can feel in her eardrums.
"Stooooooooopppppppppppppppp!!"
Something shoves her out of the way.
"Aaah...!" She instantly switches to a defensive posture as she
crashes to the floor. When she gets up, her eyes fill with a shocking
view.
"What the hell...?"
In front of her...a stricken boy is lying helplessly on the floor. She can
clearly see the pool of blood beneath him growing larger and larger.
He's sustained a fatal wound.
"Nooooooooooooo!!" A scream reverberates through the classroom.
Page | 242
Indifferent to the blood staining her clothes, Rose cradles the boy in
her arms—the one who's recently left a deep impression on her.
"Cid Kagenou...," Rose murmurs. The boy slightly opens his eyes.
"You idiot. Why did you protect me?"
They only met the other day. They've never even spoken properly to
each other. She can't imagine why he risked his life to save her.
The boy opens his mouth. "Gack, kaff!"
He vomits a stream of blood.
"Cid!"
His hacked-up blood splatters across her porcelain cheeks, and he
smiles at her...before drawing his last breath. He wears the dying
expression of a man who completed his mission.
"Why...?"
A tear cascades down her face. She stops herself from weeping as
she holds him in her arms. When she looks at the dead boy's face,
she feels as if she's figured everything out.
She knows why he was so strangely persistent during the
preliminaries.
She knows why his eyes burned when he gazed at her.
And she knows why he laid down his life to protect her.
They are all connected.
Rose isn't dumb. Ever since she was young, she's had suitors chasing
after her for being a beautiful princess. But she's never been pursued
with this much fervor before. No suitor ever loved her enough to
sacrifice his life.
"Thank you..."
She can never tell him how she felt, but she vows to avenge him.
Page | 243
"Let this be a valuable lesson for you." The man in jet-black stands
before Rose.
"—...h!" Rose bites down on her lower lip and glares up at him.
"Still thinking of defying us, huh."
"Tch... I'll obey your orders." Rose hangs her head, knowing it isn't
yet the time to get her revenge.
"Hmm. Head to the auditorium!" the men in black order, making
their move.
They get the students to stand, shackle their hands one behind the
other, and lead them out of the room. No one dares to resist.
Two male students at the end of the line turn back toward the
classroom.
"Cid..."
"Poor Cid..."
The boys stare at his stiff face, looking as if they have more to say.
"Keep it moving."
The terrorists force the duo out of the classroom. The sound of
footsteps in the hallway grows distant. It's silent again.
And then, the arm of the alleged corpse begins twitching.
When I confirm the classroom is clear, I pound on my chest.
Beat! Beat, dammit!
I hit myself over and over, forcing myself to suck in air.
Up and at 'em!!
Page | 244
Until...
"Koff, hack, gak!"
It stirs, and my once-stopped heart starts pumping again.
This is another esoteric technique, Ten-Minute Death: Heartbreak
Mob.
With this technique, I let tiny magic particles trickle into my brain
from my stopped heart, preserving blood flow and allowing me to
stay in cardiac arrest for a long time without any consequences. It's a
risky technique: One slipup, and I go to the other side. But
sometimes, I have to endanger my life for the art of performance.
And that's what happened today. Nothing more, nothing less.
"Oww..."
I check the gash on my back. I let him cut me because I knew I might
be examined up close. I avoided getting fatally injured, of course, but
it was deep enough to be convincing.
I try using my magic to heal myself. It looks like my magic can get
around the barrier if I process it in teeny-tiny amounts. Alternatively,
if I apply pressure and release magic, I think I'll be able to remove the
membrane by force.
"Good enough for now."
It'll take too long for them to completely heal, and I'll be in a tough
spot if someone catches me in the act. I heal to the point where I
have no trouble moving, and with my trusty "I-somehowmiraculously survived" routine, I should be good to go.
"All right," I grunt, rising to my feet.
I make sure I can control my body and magic, wiping the blood off
my face and straightening the wrinkles out of my school uniform.
Page | 245
The white curtains ripple in the midday breeze that flows through
the window. As they billow and fall, the patches of bright sunlight
and black shadows change form.
The fallen chairs and scattered desks. The broken door and bloody
ground. The sight announces the end of a normal life.
I close my eyes and take a deep breath.
"All right. Let's go."
I leave the classroom and start down the empty, silent hallway.
Sherry Barnett is too focused on deciphering the pendant-shaped
artifact to notice the commotion right away.
"This is..."
She picks it up and studies it up close, noticing something and
narrowing her light-pink eyes.
"This...can't be."
Her gaze remains focused on the artifact as her pen begins twirling
across the paper.
She doesn't seem cognizant of the chaos around her. The explosive
sounds, the footsteps in the hallway—all of this is beyond her scope
of awareness.
"What's going on?"
"Someone is attacking the school."
"You can't use magic, so don't be careless."
Page | 246
Even the conversation between the two knights doesn't reach her
ears.
"But how...? There's no way..."
She's completely fixated on the artifact. She tends to forget her
surroundings during her research, but it's never been this extreme.
There's something important about that relic that's captured her
attention.
Her quill makes crisp movements across the paper.
Those light-pink eyes come one step closer to uncovering the truth.
At that moment, a man in jet-black comes crashing through the
window of the lab. Flying shards of glass leave small cuts on Sherry's
face.
"What the...?!"
"Who goes there?!"
The two knights ready their swords. The stinging sensation in her
cheeks finally makes Sherry aware of the situation.
"Huh? What?"
She grabs the artifact and crawls under her desk to hide. After
touching her cheek, she finds a little blood on her hand.
"We are the Shadow Garden. Or was it the Shadow Guardian? Oh,
who gives a crap. I'm Rex. Rex, the Game of Betrayal." He scoffs
behind his mask. "This thing is such a nuisance."
He flings his mask aside, revealing a flippant man with dull red hair,
laughing with the eyes of a starving, feral dog.
"Eek." The mask lands near Sherry's feet, causing her to back away,
still concealed.
"You're the Shadow Garden I've heard so damn much about..."
Page | 247
"I don't know your motives, but did you really think you could get
away with attacking the school?"
Rex chuckles. "I guess that'd be too easy. Oh, the Shadow Garden
has it tough. By the way..." He stops midsentence. "I forgot why
we're attacking."
He cackles evilly.
"Stop messing around."
"Oh, but I'm serious. Though that doesn't matter. My job is to
acquire the artifact. Once I have it, you can struggle and squirm to
your heart's content..."
Rex narrows his eyes sharply.
"Do you know where it is?" He glares at the knights.
"...I have no idea what you're talking about."
"We know nothing."
Rex smiles from ear to ear. "Your faces tell me otherwise...!"
The air quivers, and his magic overpowers the room.
"A—...!" Sherry clasps her hands over her mouth to prevent herself
from screaming as she crawls. It's just a bit farther to the door.
"So who wants to go first?" Rex's ravenous, feral gaze scours the
room.
"Let's start with the girl."
He disappears into thin air.
That's when Sherry realizes he's standing before her.
"Aaaaaaahhhh!"
"Farewell."
Page | 248
"No!" Sherry closes her eyes as she covers her head, huddling.
"I won't let you!"
The sword hurls toward her and strikes the floor.
Sherry fearfully peeks through her clenched eyes to find a stocky
knight—with a beard as bushy as a lion's mane—standing in front of
her with his sword at the ready.
"Ooh, impressive. Considering you're working without magic."
"Magic isn't everything. If I'm fighting a weakling, I can easily dodge
any attack."
"Weakling...? Damn buffoon. Do you really think you're stronger than
me?" Rex ferociously scowls at the large man.
"I do."
"Why don't you tell me your name?"
"I am Glen, the Lion's Mane, vice commander of the Crimson Order."
Another knight lines up next to him.
"I'm Marco of the Crimson Order."
"I didn't ask you."
In that last moment, Marco looks down at Sherry.
"Run."
With that, the battle begins.
Sherry crawls into the hallway and proceeds to sprint at full speed.
She covers her ears to muffle the bloodcurdling screams behind her.
Page | 249
I walk onto the rooftop and peer down at the campus.
I can see all the faculty bound up by the auditorium, which is a
massive hall that can easily fit all the students. It's where the school
hosts its entrance ceremonies and the occasional lecture by a public
figure or a theatrical performance.
The Knight Order has gathered outside the campus in response to
the commotion, but there's a clear threshold beyond which they
aren't advancing. That could be the boundary of whatever's blocking
everyone's magic. There didn't seem to be any students left in the
school buildings, just men in black scrounging for anyone still hiding.
I scoff as I look down at the school.
I've always wanted to do this.
I peer at the ravaged school, the shackled students, and the
mysterious terrorist organization. I can cross this off my bucket list.
Gaze down at the campus from the rooftop. Check.
Well, I guess I'll have some fun before it gets dark. The truth is, I
realized something when the men in jet-black barged into class.
They have no sense of style.
Imagine a light breeze, a clear blue sky, a sunny afternoon—and
someone coming out onstage in a long black cloak. Who does that?
Unheard of.
They made one dire mistake. Right... They've underestimated the
importance of TPO: There's a Time, Place, and Occasion for
everything. If you don't adhere to it, fashion sense will be totally out
of whack. Their disregard for TPO is tacky. I mean, black cloaks
should only be worn at night.
I'm planning on taking them out nice and slow; time isn't an issue. I
would rather hold out and savor the fun.
Page | 250
Which is why I'm going with the strategy Operation: Slow 'n' Steady
Till Nightfall.
I'm thinking all this as I observe the campus when I spot two men in
black walking down the corridors. Yuck, wearing jet-black on a sunny
day? Talk about uncool.
Yeah...they make me want to play sniper.
I slice off a thumb-size piece of slime from my suit. I roll it into a ball,
infuse it with magic, lay it on the rooftop, and prepare to give it a
good flick.
"You're in my line of fire, you dummies," I mutter to myself, then
send it flying.
Whiz. Zooming through the air, my slime ball zips through one of
their skulls.
"Augh..."
In the same way, I pierce the second man's heart. I've already
defeated them in two hits. Unbelievable. I'm bummed. I was in the
mood to launch one more.
"Oh well. My next target is..."
With my slime bomb at the ready, I close one eye to scope out my
next victim.
In the school building across from me, I spot a defenseless
blockhead.
"Target acquired. It's a girl with light-pink hair... Wait, what?"
That's Sherry.
What's she doing over there? She's giving herself away by blatantly
looking back after each step.
"Sherry, you're blowing your cover."
Page | 251
I confirm that a man in black is lunging at Sherry from behind. I lock
onto my slime bomb target...and shoot.
Whir.
The man's head flies off.
"Mission complete."
Completely oblivious, Sherry keeps moving until she disappears from
view.
Hmm. I wonder what's up.
My normie senses are tingling, telling me there's a major cutscene
about to happen. And then, right around the climax, I shall grace the
stage as the mastermind behind it all...
Ooh, I can't wait.
Okay, here I go. I infuse my legs with magic and bound into the air
when no one's looking.
"Yahoo!"
I safely land on the school building across the way. After that, I jump
down, grab hold of a window ledge, and swing into the building. I
glance around the hallway...and there she is.
The girl with light-pink hair looks around like a gopher.
"Like I said, you're blowing your cover."
There's a man in jet-black behind Sherry. Right before he grabs her, I
rush at him at full speed.
"Huh?" Sherry senses something moving and looks behind her.
Page | 252
She hears a whoosh...but no one is there. A silent hallway extends
into the distance.
"Maybe I'm just paranoid...?"
Sherry cautiously peers around her, her shoes lightly tapping against
the floor. She presses the artifact against her chest.
Just a moment ago, the knights said they couldn't use magic. If that's
true, it would mean it has something to do with her, and she might
know what caused it. And in terms of the artifact...
Sherry hugs it tightly one more time.
"I've got to do something about this...!"
The image of the two knights bravely fighting to help her escape
floats into her mind. She knows she can't let them die in vain.
Wrestling with these thoughts, she turns the corner.
"Ack!"
There's a man in black. Sherry panics and attempts to conceal
herself.
She thinks she's done for. She swears they lock eyes.
There's another whish.
"It's fine. I'm still good... I haven't been caught..." Sherry prays as she
looks ahead once more... "Phew, I'm still safe..."
Her ebony assailant has vanished.
She bravely yet cautiously surveys the area while her shoes tap
rhythmically on the floor.
"Oh!"
Another of the enemies gazes down the hall from the classroom
window.
Page | 253
Sherry tries to hide in a frenzy, but it's too late. The door swings
open to reveal the man in jet-black.
"Eep!" Sherry covers her head and closes her eyes.
***
Another whiz.
"What?" Upon nervously opening her eyes, she finds he's gone.
"Phew. They haven't found me..."
Sherry braces herself even more as her feet softly patter against the
floor. She checks every inch of the hallway, the classrooms, and,
most obviously, behind her. Her eyes flicker left and right. She's
surveying the area when she trips over herself.
"Oof!" She crashes on the ground, looking up in time to see the
artifact whirling into the air.
"Ahhh!"
It's about to crash onto the floor...when someone catches it. Sherry
glances up to find her newest friend.
"Cid!"
But he's covered in blood.
"Are you okay?! You're hurt..."
"Don't worry about it. I miraculously escaped death. No biggie."
He seems exhausted for some reason and stares at Sherry through
half-closed eyes.
"I've got to tell you a few things. Like, you've gotta stop talking to
yourself. And thinking while you're walking. And you should watch
your step."
Page | 254
He lets out a deep sigh.
"And your tap-tap-tapping down the hall is super-loud. Let's start
with taking off your loafers."
Sherry nods in response.
I guard Sherry as we head to the back end of the first floor into the
assistant principal's office. Oh, and I secretly kill five more of them
along the way.
We open a thick door and walk in.
There's a tasteful lounge in the center of the room and an entire wall
stacked with oversized books. Files are piled high on a desk in the
back. Sunlight gently pours in from the northern window. It's
obviously a space for proper adults.
Sherry sits at a desk she seems to know well and rummages through
the drawers.
"Try not to make so much noise."
Her light-pink hair sways as she obediently nods.
"Whew." I lie across the love seat and take a deep breath.
I'm beat.
I know Sherry is the main character, but there's no way this is going
to work out. She won't be able to beat the Final Boss. Under these
circumstances, it's normal for the character to have a sidekick, but I
don't sense any allies around here. It's a flawed scenario.
Page | 255
But after significant consideration, I've decided to intervene as the
savior type of background character. I'm an extra who will never act
where others can see—never ever.
"Found it." Sherry comes back from the desk with a pile of
documents, spreading them across the coffee table.
"What's this?" I don't know anything about these strange alphabets,
landforms, or formulas.
"This artifact is called the Eye of Avarice. I believe this is what's
currently blocking our magic."
She shows me a sketch of an ominous-looking sphere that's the size
of a Ping-Pong ball.
"The Eye absorbs and collects the magic around it. When it's
activated, it's harder to hone magic in the area."
"But the men in black had no problems using magic."
"They must have programmed the Eye to recognize their magical
wavelength. I've already confirmed it doesn't consume preregistered
magic. It also has difficulties absorbing microscopic particles with
powerful energy, but neither of us would recognize those in the first
place."
Hey.
"And as if that's not troubling enough, it can also use the magic
stored inside it. I'm guessing they were originally planning to use this
artifact as a weapon, but it can't store magic for long periods. I
believe it's defective."
"But it's effective in the short-term, even if it can't store the power
very long."
Page | 256
"Correct. Right now, there are hundreds of dark knights held hostage
in the auditorium. In theory, if they released the magic in the
artifact...they might just be able to obliterate the school."
"Whoa..."
"I was the first one to decode the Eye with my research. When I
realized its potential dangers, I kept it away from the world of
academia and asked the kingdom to store it for safekeeping... Oh,
why did this happen?" Sherry looks at me with gentle eyes.
"It's either a replica or it was stolen. Is there a way to operate it?"
"Yes." Sherry nods and produces a large pendant.
"That's a real dirty pendant you got there."
"This seems to control it. The Eye cannot move on its own; I believe
it can only be used when attached to this device. When they act
together, the artifact is no longer defective and is limited to storing
magic short-term."
"It'll be able to hold magic for longer?"
"I would have to put them together and experiment to know for
sure. But yes, I believe it's possible."
"Huh."
"This device has the power to temporarily disable the Eye. We should
be able to free the people in the auditorium in that time."
"Sounds good. And then?"
"Well, I haven't finished examining the artifact, so I'd like to prioritize
that."
"I see."
"After I interpret it, we can bring the activated artifact closer to the
Eye."
Page | 257
"How?"
"Um...they're vigilantly patrolling the ground level, so I think we
might have to get closer underground." Sherry smiles somewhat
nervously.
"Underground?"
"Yes." Sherry takes a few books off the bookshelf, and it swings back
to reveal a staircase leading to a lower level.
"Neat."
I love these kinds of gimmicks.
"There are still a few hidden escape tunnels left in some of the oncampus facilities, but no one's used this passage in a while."
There's a hint of sadness in her eyes.
"The stairs are dusty...and there aren't any footprints. I wish my
foster father had escaped though here..."
"Ah, Assistant Principal Lutheran. He adopted you, right?"
"He used to help my mother with her research, and he's taken care
of me for as long as I can remember. Even after Mother died and I
had nowhere to go, he took me under his wing and raised me as his
own."
"Sounds like a great guy."
"Yes, he really is. He's always the one saving me...and this time, I
want to be the one to save him." Sherry beams.
"I hope he's all right. After we get closer underground, what should
we do?"
"Oh, um...we go through the tunnels and throw the active artifact
into the auditorium."
"Won't it break?"
Page | 258
"Even if it does, it'll still disable the Eye temporarily. All we'll need is
the dark knights to give us a hand..."
The climax sounds a bit weak, but I could spice it right up if I turn into
Shadow and go on a rampage. To tell you the truth, I'm thankful she
prepared a great scene for me to show off what I can do.
"Fantastic. Let's do it."
"Great! I'll just hurry up and finish deciphering this."
"My back hurts, so I can't help too much. But good luck."
I'm glad she has a decent tactic. I guess I won't have to be the
supporting side character after all.
"Cid, don't overdo it. I'll do the best I can. I've never been able to
help anyone, but now it's my turn to save my foster father and
everyone else."
"Yeah, you got this. Oh, I'll be right back—gotta go to the bathroom."
I leave Sherry to her research so I can go out and play.
With the wild eyes of a starving dog, Rex opens the auditorium doors
and boldly saunters through the room. A group of men follow.
The students are forced to stay in their chairs, lowering their heads
when the group approaches them. There are three floors in the
enormous, drafty auditorium, and all of the exits are guarded by men
enshrouded in jet-black. The students are being monitored and not
allowed to make a single peep. An insincere smile plays on Rex's face
as he slips out of the auditorium and heads toward a waiting room.
"How was it?" asks a man in black as soon as Rex shuts the door.
Page | 259
His voice is deep and dignified. Even though he hides his face with a
mask and is dressed like the others, his superiority is instantly
recognizable.
"You don't waste time, do you, Sir Gaunt? We've almost completely
taken over the school. The Knight Order is making a ruckus outside,
but they're not even worth our breath."
"Irrelevant. I'm asking whether you've obtained the artifact."
"Oh, the artifact. About that..." Rex shrugs as he looks at Sir Gaunt.
"I'm pretty sure it's in that young girl's possession. You know, the
one with peach hair."
"Are you saying you couldn't retrieve it?"
Rex scratches his head and averts his gaze. "Well, I guess."
"Quit screwing around." Sir Gaunt's magic heightens, and the
surrounding air undulates under its pressure.
Rex's cheeks go stiff as he feels the knight's bloodlust. "Take it easy.
I've secured its general location and shall be retrieving it soon."
"Your antics are interfering with my plans. The next time you screw
up, I'm taking your head. How's that?"
"All right, I get it."
Sir Gaunt's piercing eyes follow Rex, who's heading toward the door
with his hands lifted above his head.
"Oh, almost forgot." Rex stops before making his exit. "We may have
trouble."
He looks back to see Sir Gaunt's reaction and receives the cue to
continue.
"A bunch of Thirds have been slain. Two of the Seconds are dead.
One man's heart has been crushed, and the other had a small
Page | 260
incision in his pressure points. My best guess is the latter was
stabbed by a rapier. All of them were only struck once. The enemy
seems dexterous," comments Rex, sniggering like a ravenous wolf.
"Well, well...perhaps it's the Shadow Garden. The bait has finally
worked."
"Seems that way. You might want to watch your back."
"Keh-heh... You think a man like me needs to be cautious?"
"Oh, I think you'll be just fine, Mr. Ex-Rounds."
"Hmph. Make sure to bring the Shadow Garden's heads along with
the artifact."
"That goes without saying." Rex leaves the room with the corner of
his lips curled into a grin.
Sir Gaunt sneers to himself. "Finally, everything will fall into place..."
He takes the ominous artifact out of his breast pocket and stares at it
suspiciously.
"This will mark my return to the Rounds."
The man continues snickering to himself creepily.
When Rex and his subordinates are walking through the corridor,
something strange suddenly attacks them while they're searching for
the artifact. Rex's subordinate vanishes before his eyes.
"What the—?"
Rex scans the area to determine what it was, but there aren't any
suspicious shadows around him. The only hint he has is a whoosh in
the air.
Page | 261
Buzz, zip. A sound slices through space.
"Nng...!"
And the lackey next to Rex is gone.
But this time, he manages to catch a glimpse of it. There was a boy in
a school uniform—drenched in blood. Using the heel of his palm, the
boy knocked the man out and stole him away.
Rex powers up, intensifying his vision to its limit and focusing his
gaze. Only then can he detect these rapid movements.
"Stay alert! Enemy!" Rex shouts, vigilantly scoping the area. "...Oh?"
He stands in place, bewildered.
The subordinates who were at his back are gone. Before he's realized
it, he's standing alone in the corridor.
Then there's a whiz.
Hearing it, Rex immediately channels all his strength into protecting
his heart.
"Guh...!"
The heel of someone's palm hits his arm.
Crack. The force of it snaps Rex's bones and sends him flying
backward.
"That...little shit!!" Rex promptly resets his stance and brandishes his
sword.
But no one's there. He clucks his tongue in frustration.
A single palm strike has broken the bones in his left arm, which he'd
been protecting with magic. His heart might have shattered if he
hadn't shielded himself when he did.
Page | 262
Whish. Rex moves with the noise, tuning in to the presence behind
him and swinging. His timing is perfect.
The runt...is getting faster! How dare he! Rex takes stabs at the air
behind the boy, quickly resuming his posture with the sole aim of
protecting his heart.
"Agh...!"
He suffers a blow to the ribs.
Rex jumps back to reduce the impact as he tracks the boy with his
eyes. He can barely make out his afterimage.
"Ts..." Rex hacks out a mix of saliva and blood and stands on the
defensive.
It's nearly impossible to detect the enemy, and countering is out of
the question. Only he's taking damage. From an objective
standpoint, there's no graver situation. But...Rex has a wealth of
experience worming himself out from between a rock and a hard
place.
For he is Rex, a Named Child.
"That's a handy artifact you're using," Rex comments so his enemy
can hear.
He's figured out the enemy's shtick.
It doesn't take him long to piece it together. His opponent moves
faster than humanly possible, which means he requires extraordinary
power to keep it up.
"At first glance, I have the disadvantage. But you can't fool me.
You're pushing yourself, right?"
With inhuman speed comes sacrifice. He sees the traces of it already.
"Don't you know your uniform is covered in blood?"
Page | 263
Yes...Rex solved the riddle when he saw the red uniform: His
opponent used the power of the artifact to achieve logic-defying
speeds. And in exchange, it's wearing him down. It's clear from the
rivers of blood pouring out of his enemy. The boy will reach his limit.
If Rex can hold out until then...victory is his.
That's Rex, the Game of Betrayal, the Named Child, who can
completely expose his victims with minimal information.
"I'd guess that you have a few hits left. That's when you'll have
reached your limit!" Rex declares in a powerful voice.
But his enemy doesn't reply. He's been silent and still ever since Rex
started his little speech.
"Guess I've hit the nail on the head." The corners of Rex's lips form a
sinister smile.
He can see his victory. But...it's not as easy as Rex makes it out to be.
In fact, he still has to evade the undetectable palm strike a few more
times.
"Hey, why so silent?" Rex starts feeling confident, refusing to show
any sign of weakness.
This battle is one of...intense psychological warfare.
"Come out, you chicken!"
Whoosh.
Just as the sound rushes through the air, Rex evades the attack using
only his instincts, twisting his upper body to avoid the trajectory of
his hand.
That fast?! He uses his right arm as a shield at the very last second.
"Gaaaah!!"
Page | 264
It snaps in every possible place. He backs away, retaining his grip on
his sword through sheer determination.
And yet, his opponent persists. Rex has only seen the enemy's most
basic moves, and he's drawing near.
In other words...this is the turning point in their battle.
"Come at meeeeeeeeee!!" Rex shrieks as he protects his weak
points.
His enemy has reached his limit. If Rex can endure this final strike,
victory is his.
Seconds later, a palm slams into his stomach.
"Gah!! Aaaaaghhhh!!"
Rex vomits a stream of blood as he's thrown backward. He blasts
through the wall into a classroom, tumbling into desks and chairs
before crashing onto the ground.
"Kah-kah...!" Clutching his stomach, he coughs up blood. His ribs tear
his internal organs.
But...he's alive. Guarding with all his might pays off.
"Heh-heh..." Rex's bloody lips curl into a sneer as he lifts his head.
That's when he sees them.
"The hell is this...?"
Corpses lie in a heap in the classroom.
All of them are men in black. It's clear they hardly bear any wounds;
each was slain with a single attack.
Did that one child kill all these Named Children by himself...?
Tap, tap, tap.
He hears someone walking toward him in the hallway.
Page | 265
Tap, tap.
The sound of footsteps ceases at the doorway.
Silence.
Rex notices the palm gripping his sword is abnormally sweaty.
Click. The doorknob turns and breaks the silence.
Then...the entrance opens.
There's no one there.
With a whir, Rex's right arm is ripped to pieces.
Another hum, and his left arm is torn off.
Whoosh.
Whish.
Whiz.
And so it goes.
Every time there's a sound, Rex loses more flesh.
"AAAAAAGH... Aaaaaaaghhhh...aghh..."
Right before his head whirls into the air, Rex realizes the boy
possesses an infinite amount of power.
"You're doing great."
That's the voice Rex hears when he dies.
In the ransacked lab, Nu looks down at a corpse. With dark-brown
eyes and matching hair, Nu wears a pair of frumpy glasses and the
Page | 266
uniform for the Academy of Science as a disguise to blend in, but she
can't hide her sensuality.
"You're Glen, the Lion's Mane, from the Crimson Order."
The corpse glares into space, wearing an anguished expression. He
seems to have suffered profoundly. Without magic, he whose name
is known throughout the Knight Order is feeble.
Nu's attention is directed elsewhere. There's one more knight in the
room, and he's still breathing.
"Marco Granger. You joined the Crimson Order."
Nu recognizes his face, which is handsome with luscious blue hair.
Not only is he one of the strongest dark knights, but he is also
rumored to be the future commander of the Order. She remembers
him having a strong sense of justice.
Marco was supposed to be Nu's husband in their arranged marriage.
They sent many letters to each other and shared dances at the ball.
But in the end, he was nothing but the man her parents chose for
her. She never knew how he felt about the situation, but she could
never bring herself to love him.
But she doesn't necessarily hate him. She may not have loved him,
but she thought he was kind. She wouldn't have minded marrying
him one day. She imagines that tying the knot with a respectable
man would have led to a bright future.
An arranged path, an arranged partner, an arranged future.
Nu never used to have much of an opinion. In the past, she
conformed to the values of those around her and lived as per their
dictates. She didn't mind at the time. But looking back on it now, she
finds that lifestyle terribly confining.
Page | 267
As she gazes at his face, she suddenly remembers the ball. Nu wryly
smiles as she recalls showing off Marco's attractive face around it
like some kind of accessory.
Somehow, memories always stick with us the more we try to forget
about them.
"What's up, Nu?"
She hears a voice behind her and turns. That she hasn't sensed him
doesn't surprise her. She knows him by his voice.
"Master Shadow..."
She didn't notice that an average-looking black-haired boy had
entered the lab. He walks past Nu and flings open one cabinet after
another.
"This used to be my arranged fiancé."
"Oh. What will you do?"
"I personally have no reason to kill him or keep him alive."
"And that's fine," he replies, rummaging through the cabinets and
continuing his search.
Nu leaves Marco's side and stands next to the boy. "Master Shadow,
I know it's a bit late, but I have something to report."
"Go ahead."
"The Shadow Garden has infiltrated the campus. We're waiting on
standby and will move at your command."
"Got it."
"But fighting when our magic is blocked comes with a risk. Only the
Seven Shadows can operate at their usual speed, but the only one of
them in the capital is Lady Gamma. And...well, this kind of thing isn't
her strong suit..."
Page | 268
"She's got no game."
"Um...correct. As for me, I-I'm only at about half my normal
strength..."
"I see."
"Lady Gamma is currently leading the entire organization. She's
suggested they won't be in control of our magic for much longer and
that we should wait it out until then."
"All right."
"The men in jet-black are holed up in the auditorium and haven't
moved. At the moment, they don't seem to have any demands. The
Knight Order has the campus surrounded, but Iris Midgar and the
other commanders are the only ones strong enough to take them on.
Given that they weren't fond of us in peaceful times, I don't think
they'll lend us a hand."
"Okay."
"Master Shadow. We'll stay on standby until further orders."
"Okay."
"Is that all right?"
"Okay... Oh, wait a sec."
"Sure."
"I'm looking for a few things. I need mithril tweezers, the bone
powder of earth dragons, and the enchanted stone of ash..."
Nu retrieves each item from the cabinet.
"Thanks. Whew, you saved my butt."
"My pleasure. May I ask what they're for?"
Page | 269
He holds the various items in both arms. "Oh, this stuff? I'm going to
use this to alter the artifact."
"Alter the artifact, huh?" Nu parrots.
She couldn't have guessed in a million years that he was so well
versed in artifacts, but it wouldn't be odd for him to know such
things. Why would he want to alter it in this dire situation?
"Something called the Eye of Avarice is impeding our magic. I'm
currently making the final adjustments to a different artifact to
temporarily disable it."
"Incredible... You never let us down."
She's stunned. Not only has he identified the source blocking their
magic, he's even preparing to nullify it. Plus, disabling a powerful
artifact requires extraordinary knowledge. Without the wisdom of
one of the greatest minds in the nation, this is an impossible feat.
She shudders in the presence of his limitless mind.
"I should be done around sunset."
"Understood. We'll be ready to mobilize when it's complete."
"I can't wait."
"Yes."
Nu watches him leave the room with his items before checking to
see if her ex-fiancé is still conscious.
She runs her ebony blade down the nape of his neck.
His breathing and pulse are normal—stable. He's alive but clearly
unconscious.
"I'll spare you your life."
Nu leaves a shallow cut in his neck and disappears.
Page | 270
"I'm back."
Upon seeing Cid return with the ingredients, Sherry smiles, retrieving
them from him and lining them up on her desk.
"Thank you so much. I should be able to finish it now."
"Good luck."
Sherry quickly sets to work on the artifact. Cid is lying on the sofa,
reading a book.
It's silent for a while.
The light that flows in through the window slowly turns vermilion.
Cid occasionally gets up to go to the bathroom. When Sherry offers
him medicine to relieve his upset stomach given his frequent visits,
he accepts it with a complicated expression.
Time passes, and the sun begins to set. The red hue intensifies, and
the shadows grow darker. When Sherry turns on the lantern,
everything becomes a shade darker outside the room. She finally
approaches the end of her task around sunset.
"I'm done." Sherry holds up the pendant and shows it to Cid.
"It's amazing."
"Thank you. It's the best I could do."
"Yeah, and it's nice that it's just after sunset. The future of the school
depends on you." Cid stands up and pats Sherry on the back. "I can't
help you anymore. You must save the world with your own hands."
"I-I'll do my best," she says nervously, picking up the lantern and
facing the stairs. "My sincerest gratitude. Thanks to you, I'll be able
Page | 271
to rescue my foster father." Sherry glances back at him once more,
then lowers her head.
"It was nothing. I hope he's okay."
"Thanks." Sherry grins and descends.
After a long trip down the damp staircase, she arrives at the bottom.
The air is completely different down here. The dark tunnels are
illuminated by the light from her lantern, and the paths start forking
off: One wrong move, and she'll never reach her destination.
"Erm..." Sherry takes out her map to confirm the path to the
auditorium.
"Go straight and then take a left at the third turn..."
At first, she timidly scampers down the path.
But then she remembers having walked these tunnels with her foster
father. Even though she pestered him while he was working, he
came down to play with her anyway. This is an incredibly precious
memory to Sherry.
The young woman doesn't remember her biological father. He died
soon after she was born. And the memory of her mother has almost
entirely faded from her mind. Her mother was murdered during a
robbery one night when Sherry was only nine years old.
Sherry remembers the black shadow she saw through the crack
between the closet door. Her dreams were occasionally plagued by
her mother's screams and the sound of ghastly laughter.
For many years after the incident, Sherry couldn't speak. She
rejected those around her, instead choosing to work on the artifact
her mother left behind. As if following in her footsteps, Sherry
devoted herself to research.
Page | 272
Her foster father was her savior. He took her in, supported her
research, and gave her a loving family. Through that, Sherry finally
regained her voice. Almost all her memories of family are of him.
Her entire life, she's been supported by her foster father. And now
it's time to repay him.
"I've got to keep going."
Sherry walks the dark path alone. Her steps are no longer frightened
or timid.
It isn't long before she arrives.
"I think I'm under the auditorium..."
The single path split into many: the path to the first floor, then the
middle, then up to the second floor...
She follows her map.
"Oh...!"
She's found it.
It's a small air vent running between the second and third floors.
While it can't fit a person, there's plenty of room for her to toss the
pendant inside.
Sherry furtively peers through the vent to see what's happening.
She remembers Cid's words: When in hiding, it's important to
release the tension in the body—to breathe slowly and relax.
There are hundreds of students sitting in the auditorium and a few
instructors, who were present nonetheless. Then there are a handful
of men in black. Sherry believes all the hostages can escape once
their magic is free.
She's ready.
Page | 273
First, she steps away from the vent and takes out the pendant. When
she connects it to the enchanted stone, a white light and shining
letters float in the air.
Sherry tosses the glowing pendant into the air vent without
hesitation.
Page | 274
Page | 275
Page | 276
Final Chapter
My Idea of the Ultimate Shadow
Commander!
Rose observes the men in black with her honey-colored eyes.
It's been several hours since she's been brought to the auditorium.
The sun has already set, and the warm light from the ceiling
illuminates the auditorium.
She's cut the restraints off her arms with a small concealed knife.
Keeping up the pretense of being bound to her chair, she passes the
knife to a girl in the Student Council, who then hands it off to the
next student in line.
Rose can move at any time, but she's fully aware that acting now
would be a waste.
Her enemies may be few, but they're all too powerful to neglect.
Plus, they're terribly efficient. Of the group, a man known as Rex and
his superior officer, Sir Gaunt, are immensely stronger than the rest.
The professors who underestimated and opposed them have been
helplessly slain. Even if the hostages could use magic, their chances
of winning would be questionable.
Luckily, Rex hasn't been back in a while. She hopes the Knight Order
has slaughtered him outside...but she knows a fierce warrior can't be
taken down so easily. Rose's honest thought is that she needs to
improve the situation somehow before he returns.
While Sir Gaunt spends most of his time in the waiting room, he
occasionally shows up in the auditorium to search for Rex, at whom
he curses under his breath for his prolonged absence. Judging by his
appearance and dense magic, Rose believes he can surpass an expert
fighter. He might even be able to topple Iris Midgar...not that she
Page | 277
wants to believe it. If that's true, Rose's chances of defeating him—
even if she regains her magic—are remarkably low to none.
In any case, Rose knows it isn't the right moment to move yet. But
the truth of the situation is she has no time.
As the minutes elapse, Rose can feel magic slipping out of her body.
She doesn't know the reason, but her best guess is that it's related to
the phenomenon that blocks it. Even though Rose is far from feeling
weak, the students with less magic are starting to feel sick. In a few
more hours, some of them may even suffer from magic deficiency,
which means they'll lose the chance to fight back forever.
There's a figure who always suppressed panic and unease as it rose
in his chest.
Every time Rose remembers the heroic stance of the boy who
sacrificed himself to save her, a burning sensation rises up in her
body. She isn't going to let his wishes be forgotten. As she repeats
this promise to herself, she waits for her time to come.
And just then, the moment arrives, unexpectedly.
The auditorium is suddenly lit up by a radiant white light.
Rose doesn't know what it is, but she reacts before she can think.
She couldn't care less where it came from. Her instincts are telling
her this is her final chance.
While everyone is captivated by the blinding light, Rose squints as
she rushes toward one of her captors. The moment she wraps her
hands around his unguarded neck, Rose has a realization.
I can use magic! She chops his head off with her hand.
Rose doesn't know why she can use magic again, but it doesn't
matter. She snatches the sword from the waist of the headless man.
Page | 278
Raising it, she howls. "We've got our magic back! Everyone, rise! This
is our time to fight back!"
The auditorium erupts with movement.
The girl in the Student Council is set in motion, slicing through the
restraints binding the students, and the liberated ones begin
scrambling. The air pulses with the collective, feverish excitement of
the students.
Rose knocks a man off his feet by releasing a surge of magic on him.
All for victory. That's what is on her mind.
At that moment, Rose realizes she is the symbol of their insurrection.
If she keeps fighting, they'll fight, too. She'll keep showing them an
indisputable victory. Rose swings her sword at full power without
focusing on how she's distributing magic in her body.
"Pursue the Student Council president!!"
"Swipe her sword!!"
She's the subject of attention and hate and applause as she
slaughters multitudes of enemies and frees masses of students, all
while continuing to fight.
Everyone admires and aspires to her valiancy.
But her combat style is also reckless, and she doesn't give her
internal regulation of magic a second thought. Her power may be
immense, but it's leaving her body, and she's rapidly approaching her
limit. She can feel it as she calmly keeps an eye on her cap. Her magic
is slipping away, causing her swordplay to dull as her body grows
heavy.
One-hit kills become two hits, then three.
Page | 279
I'm almost done... Just a few more..., she thinks. But Rose can feel
them closing in on her.
Just need to kill one more. She realizes something as she approaches
her breaking point.
The zeal of the students has consumed the auditorium. Even if Rose
is defeated, they won't stop fighting.
The boy has passed his wish on to Rose, who's distributed it to
everyone. As countless lives are lost in battle, someone continues
carrying his torch.
It hasn't been a waste.
His death—and the one that awaits her—haven't been for naught.
Rose from the kingdom of the arts has her reasons for studying the
sword. She's never told anyone about them; it's nothing but a foolish
dream she had as a child. And yet, it's a dream she chases earnestly.
She hopes that she's come even slightly closer to actualizing it.
As those thoughts run through her mind, she takes her final swing.
It's nearly devoid of magic—not to mention weak and sluggish.
But she beheads the enemy with the most beautiful strike of her life.
It's the best sensation she's ever experienced. At that moment, she
feels as if she's finally acquired a precious awareness of something.
And yet...it pains her to know she's achieved this when the end is
nigh. Rose watches swords rain down on her from all sides, wishing
she could live for just one more day.
And then it comes true.
An ebony whirlwind blasts through the enemies, causing them to
spew gallons of blood and wiping them out in a flash.
Silence settles on the area, as if all time stands still.
Page | 280
In the eye of the hurricane stands a man wearing an ebony coat.
"Astounding. You're one who possesses beautiful swordplay...," he
says to Rose in a voice that seems to echo from the depths of the
earth.
He appears to be praising the way she handled her sword. His
compliment affects her more than words can express.
"My name is Shadow."
The man who calls himself Shadow...is nothing short of frightening.
"I-I'm Rose. Rose Oriana..." Her voice trembles. She's too startled to
rise to her feet.
His swordsmanship is far superior to hers. His abilities are the result
of assiduous training, of eliminating excess, of honing, of integrating
varied techniques. Rose feels as if time has ground down to a halt.
She's never seen swordsmanship as flawless as this.
"Come to me... My loyal servants..."
Shadow releases magic with a blue-violet hue into the sky. As Rose
bathes in that light, a group clad entirely in black drops into the
auditorium.
Oh no, is this their backup...? Rose wonders.
But her fears are unfounded.
The team gracefully touches down and jumps into action.
This can't be an internal feud... But they also don't seem like they're
from the Knight Order. Upon further inspection, she realizes the
troop is comprised entirely of women. And on top of that...
"They're so strong..."
Every one of them is tough—a force of nature.
They chop down the captors in the blink of an eye.
Page | 281
The women possess the same sword techniques as Shadow. These
fearless warriors are under his command.
"Master Shadow, I'm glad you're safe."
"Ah, Nu."
A woman clad in black approaches Shadow with a bow. "Their leader
has torched the campus, fleeing the area."
"How pathetic... Leave him to me."
"Understood."
"Does he think he can escape...?" Shadow lets out a low chuckle.
Flinging his coat open, he slices open the auditorium doors with a
single stroke of his sword. As an added bonus, the opponents in his
vicinity become mounds of unmoving flesh.
He's slightly imitating Rose's swordsmanship, waving his weapon as
if to flaunt it before calmly disappearing into the night.
Each of his movements sets a perfect example for Rose.
"Are you all right?" The girl known as Nu approaches her.
"Yes..."
"Those were some fantastic techniques," Nu comments, readying her
ebony katana and leaping into the fight.
Her swordplay is extraordinary. She mows down the men in jetblack, leaving them facedown on the floor.
Rose can feel her common sense—no, her common sense as a dark
knight—shattering into pieces. The swordsmanship exhibited by
these warriors doesn't fit into any preexisting molds.
It's an entirely new art of its own.
Page | 282
Where did this powerful group and methodology come from? Rose is
stunned she's never known of them until now.
"Fire! There's fire coming this way!"
The voice pulls Rose back to reality. She can see the flames rising in
the back of the auditorium.
"Escape if you're near the exit!" Rose shouts, directing the students.
Thanks to the all-women group, they can avoid needless sacrifices.
The end of the battle is near.
Rose escorts the wounded to the exit.
"The Knight Order is coming!!"
Everyone is relieved by that message. Rose releases the tension in
her body and almost collapses but manages to pull herself together
in a fluster.
The students are being evacuated from the auditorium one by one.
The fire intensifies, and the men in black are exterminated.
Before Rose realizes it, the black-clad gang of women are gone.
They skillfully disappeared undetected, leaving no traces behind, as if
they were never there at all.
Rose helps each student out of the auditorium until none remain and
looks back at the overpowering flames that consume the structure.
"Who are they...?"
A distant blaze casts a faint glow over the assistant principal's office
in the night.
Page | 283
A silhouette moves in the dark room, yanking several books off the
shelves and letting them burn on the floor.
The books are consumed by the small fire that fiercely illuminates
the room.
The figure is that of a scrawny man in jet-black.
"What're you doing dressed like that, Assistant Principal
Lutheran...?"
The black shadow trembles. He should be the only one here, but a
young boy managed to enter before he noticed.
The boy sits cross-legged on the sofa, reading a book. He's averagelooking with black hair—a dime a dozen. But he doesn't even glance
at the flames that spread from the shadow. His gaze is focused
instead on a thick book. The sound of turning pages echoes
throughout the room.
"How perceptive of you," notes the man, removing his mask to
reveal a middle-aged face.
It is indeed Assistant Principal Lutheran, sporting gray streaks in his
slicked-back hair.
Lutheran tosses his mask into the fire. Then he throws off his black
clothes and incinerates them. The light intensifies.
"For my reference, I suppose you'll let me ask how you figured it out,
Cid Kagenou."
Lutheran takes a seat across from the boy.
"I knew it the moment I saw you."
Cid glances up at Lutheran for a second before returning to his book.
"You knew just by looking at me, huh? Maybe it's the way I walk or
my physique... Either way, you have a keen eye."
Page | 284
Lutheran glances at Cid, who's focused on his book.
Their two shadows quiver under the light of the flames.
"May I also ask you something for my reference?" Cid asks while
staring at his book.
Lutheran silently urges him to proceed.
"Why did you do it? You don't seem the type who enjoys this kind of
thing."
"Why? Well, it started long ago," mutters Lutheran, crossing his
arms. "I was at the height of my career. Before you were even born."
"I've heard you won the Bushin Festival."
"Yes, but that's nowhere near my proudest moment. The height of
my career was greater than that. You wouldn't understand if I told
you."
Lutheran grins. He doesn't seem to be speaking facetiously but
appears somewhat tired instead.
"Soon after I peaked, I fell terribly ill and was forced to retire. After
years of struggle, all my honor instantly evaporated. As I was
searching for a way to cure my illness, I found potential in an artifact
researcher named Lukreia."
"I'm sorry. Is this story gonna take long?"
"A bit. Lukreia was Sherry's mother, an unfortunate woman hated by
those in her field for being too smart for her own good. As a
researcher, she possessed knowledge that was unmatched, and I
found her beneficial to me. I supported her work and gathered
artifacts for her, and she focused on her research, which I later used.
She wasn't interested in fame or fortune, so we got along just fine.
And then I stumbled upon the Eye of Avarice. It was the artifact for
which I'd been searching. But you see, Lukreia...that stupid woman
Page | 285
claimed it was unsafe, and she was about to request the nation store
it for her. Which is why I killed her. After I cut her from her
extremities inward, I impaled her heart and twisted my blade."
Cid's book remains open as he closes his eyes and listens to
Lutheran's story.
"I acquired the Eye, but the research was incomplete. That's when I
conveniently met another researcher—Sherry, Lukreia's daughter.
She was naive and unknowing, catering to my every whim. She never
knew I was the enemy, that sweet, stupid child. Thanks to mother
and daughter, the Eye is now complete. All I had to do was set the
stage to gather magic and prepare the perfect camouflage.
Today...will be my greatest day, when all my dreams will come true."
Lutheran spitefully chortles to himself. "How's that for reference?"
In response, Cid cracks open his eyes. "I think I understood most of
it. But...there's one thing I don't get."
"Try me."
"You said you killed Lukreia and used her daughter. Is that really
true?" Cid shifts his eyes off the book and fixes his gaze on Lutheran.
"Of course it is. Does that anger you, Cid?"
"You'll never know... I can clearly separate what's important to me
and what's not, you know." Cid slightly lowers his eyes.
"May I ask why?"
"I do it to stay focused. I have this one dream I always wanted to
achieve, and it used to seem unattainable. Which is why I kept
cutting things out of my life."
"Oh?"
"We all go through life amassing things we cherish. We acquire
friends and lovers and jobs...and it keeps going from there. But on
Page | 286
the other hand, I cut things out of my life. Deciding what I don't
need. I've thrown so much away. At the end of the day, all that's left
are the things I couldn't live without. That's all I live for, and I don't
really care what happens otherwise."
Cid snaps the book closed. He rises to his feet and tosses it into the
fire.
"You're telling me the fates of the foolish mother and daughter don't
matter to you."
"No. I said I don't really care, but that doesn't mean I don't care at
all. Right now, I feel slightly...disturbed." Cid brandishes the sword at
his waist. "I think it's about time we start. Someone might barge in if
we take too long."
"Yes. Sadly, we must part."
Two naked blades glisten in the flames, and the battle ends instantly.
Lutheran's sword pierces Cid's chest, which gushes with blood.
Cid crashes through the door, thrown into the blazing hallway. In a
flash, his body is concealed by the crimson flames that engulf him.
"Farewell, young lad."
Lutheran withdraws his sword. The fire in the hallway has entered
the room, becoming more intense, and he turns on his heels, about
to leave the office.
"Where do you think you're going?"
"Nnr...!"
As if bouncing off the depths of an abyss, a deep voice resounds
behind Lutheran. When he looks back, he finds a man in ebony
wearing a magician's mask, a hood, and an ebony coat burning bright
red. The newcomer pays no attention to the flames as he unveils his
sword.
Page | 287
"Curse you...!" Lutheran readies his weapon.
"My name is Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..."
"So you're the one I've heard about..." Lutheran holds his naked
sword steady.
Loosely gripping the hilt of his katana, Shadow confronts him.
The pair lock eyes for a moment. Lutheran is the first to look away.
"I see you're quite strong."
"Hmm..."
"I've also lived with my sword. I can understand almost everything
once I confront my opponent...even the fact that I'm at a
disadvantage right now. Sorry, but I must fight with all my might."
Lutheran retrieves a red pill from his breast pocket and swallows it
before producing the Eye of Avarice and its command device.
"The Eye's true worth becomes apparent when the items are
combined. Like this."
The two artifacts clank as they're joined, emitting a radiant light that
forms into a helix of shining letters from an ancient alphabet.
Lutheran laughs as he holds the artifacts to his chest.
"Here and now, I'll be reborn."
It sinks into his chest and clothes and skin, as if submerged into
water.
"AAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaah!!" Lutheran roars as he claws at his chest.
The glowing ancient letters gather around him, engraving themselves
into his body. A blinding luminescence dyes the room white.
Then the light dims, and Lutheran is found kneeling in white smoke.
Page | 288
He rises to his feet at a leisurely pace. When he looks forward, a
series of small, glowing letters has been etched into his face like a
tattoo.
"Fantastic... Incredible... My powers are returning, and my disease
will be cured!"
Lutheran stands in the middle of a torpedo of flames that undulate
under the force of his powerful magic. The glowing letters aren't just
engraved in his face but also his hands and neck.
"You can never fathom my frenzied strength! This magic has far
surpassed all human limitations!" Lutheran sneers.
"Let's try it out on you."
And then he vanishes.
The next moment, Lutheran takes a big swing at Shadow from
behind. There's a high-pitched echo, and the air between them
ripples from impact.
"Oh, impressive parry."
Upon inspection, Shadow has blocked the attack with his ebony
blade as he continues facing forward. Lutheran uses all his might to
grind against it, but his opponent's weapon won't budge.
"I underestimated you. But how's this?"
Lutheran disappears again.
This time, there are shrill noises in succession.
One, two, three.
Every time, Shadow's blade adjusts slightly, his movement as
minimal as possible.
On the fourth, Lutheran appears before him.
Page | 289
"I didn't think you would block that one. I acknowledge your
strength." He stares at Shadow and grins calmly.
"To properly respect it, I'll now unveil my true power." Lutheran
shifts his stance.
He focuses a devastating amount of magic on the sword raised above
his head.
"In the afterlife, you can pride yourself on making me unleash my
might."
That single blow comes at Shadow with the power and speed to
crush him into smithereens.
But the ebony blade parries it with ease.
"What?!"
A burst of sparks flies between the black blade and the sword of
light.
"You dare block that, too?!"
"At your level...I'd hope so."
The two glare at each other from a dangerously close distance.
"Ksh... I've only just begun!"
Lutheran's sword slashes rapidly, leaving behind a beautiful
trajectory of white afterimages in the air.
"RAAAAaaaah!!"
As Lutheran roars, the ebony blade repels all his attacks.
"AAAAAaauugh!!"
The white strikes slam into the ebony blade, the two crashing loudly
together as if composing a song. It adds another layer to the burning
night.
Page | 290
But that's about to end.
With one swipe of the ebony blade, Lutheran is flung backward,
crashing into the desks and tumbling to the floor.
"Gak... Impossible...!"
Lutheran clutches his stinging body as he gets to his feet. His wounds
will heal quickly, but it looks as if the ancient text is growing dim.
"I didn't think this would be a struggle. Heh, I'm impressed. But no
matter how strong you are, I'll end all of you."
"What do you mean...?"
"Well, I've arranged for the incidents to look like they're the work of
the Shadow Garden. From the evidence to the testimonies—
everything has been prepared. Regardless of your strength in battle,
you'll only suffer in the end."
Lutheran chortles, screwing up his face before observing Shadow's
response.
But Shadow is laughing. A dreadfully deep guffaw spills out of him.
"What's so funny?"
"It's amusing how you think something this insignificant could end
us."
Lutheran stops smiling. "You're just afraid to admit defeat."
Shadow shakes his head as if to say, You don't know a thing.
"From the beginning, we've walked the path of neither justice nor
evil. We walk our own path."
Shadow holds out his burning ebony coat.
"You talk big. Accuse us for the sins of the world. We'll accept them
as our own, but nothing will change. We'll still do what we're meant
to do."
Page | 291
"You say you don't fear opposing the world? Mighty arrogant of you,
Shadow!"
"Then crush it out of me."
Lutheran lunges, his bare sword swinging down on Shadow from
overhead.
But Shadow evades the attack, right before his head is split in two.
"What?!"
There's a spray of fresh blood.
The ebony blade has been thrust into Lutheran's right wrist, and he
immediately switches his sword in his left hand and starts retreating.
"Impossible!"
This time, the black sword slices through his left wrist. While
Lutheran falls back, Shadow's katana plunges toward him.
"Guh...gah...!"
Lutheran is soiled with his own blood as he fails to counter the swift
slashes that his eyes can't even perceive. His wrists, feet, upper
arms, and thighs are stabbed hundreds of times.
The next series of attacks concentrate on his core.
"Cut from your extremities inward..."
Shadow's deep voice echoes between each stab.
"...And twist my blade in your heart, I believe?" he confirms, plunging
his blade into Lutheran's chest at the same time.
"Wha—...?!!"
Even as blood gushes into his mouth, Lutheran grabs the weapon
wedged in his heart and resists. His eyes meet the boy's gaze from
behind his mask.
Page | 292
"It can't be. You're Ci—...!"
The moment he's about to finish his sentence, the blade twists.
"Ga...agh...aghh...!"
When it's yanked out, a river of blood pumps from his chest. The
light in Lutheran's eyes and the ancient text begin to fade. All that
remains is the corpse of a gaunt, middle-aged man.
And then there's the quiet pattering of footsteps.
"Foster Father...?"
Head to toe in splattered blood, Shadow whips around to see...a girl
with peach hair.
"Foster Fatherrrr!!" She sprints past Shadow and cradles the corpse.
Page | 293
Page | 294
"No... How...? Why...?!!"
She clings to the gaunt body and weeps. Her foster father moves no
more. Shadow watches her tears fall and wet the corpse's face
before turning away.
"It's better you don't know..."
And then he disappears into the madder-red flames, leaving her cries
behind him.
She hears that the boy with a major back injury is being protected at
school.
When the news reaches Rose, she can't help but hurry to the first aid
tent at the school that burns in the darkness of the night.
Students and instructors with hands to spare assist with a bucket
brigade.
The Knight Order makes moves to treat the injured and track down
the Shadow Garden.
And Rose finally arrives at the tent after maneuvering through the
flustered crowd.
The boy in treatment is a first-year dark knight with black hair, and
he has the same features as the one for whom she's searching.
But he should've died back there—though it wasn't like she checked
his vital signs. She hadn't had the time or composure for that.
Page | 295
Which means maybe—just maybe—he could be alive. He could be
the one inside that tent.
Rose can't abandon that faint glimmer of hope.
Her mind negates the prospect while her heart hopes it's true. Rose
notices how weak this is making her.
Inside the tent reeks of blood and alcohol. The first aid team are in a
rush, busily attending to patients. Rose makes her way through the
tent, checking each face—until she finds the boy with black hair.
He's lying facedown on a bed, being treated for his back wound.
The doctor is talking to him.
He's conscious...maybe.
"U-ummm... Are you Cid Kagenou?" Rose sounds as if she wants to
ask a favor.
"Yes...?" He twists around to look at her. It's the face of that same
heroic boy.
"I'm glad...so glad..."
"Wait...huh?!"
At some point, she's embraced Cid, clinging to him tightly as his head
squirms against her breast. Rose vows to never lose him again.
Something hot rises to her chest.
"Um... We're in the middle of treatment..."
"Oh! Right."
The timid voice of the doctor snaps Rose out of her daze, and she
releases Cid.
"And how are his wounds?"
Page | 296
"The gash on his back is deep. It's a miracle it didn't damage his
nerves or internal organs. It's not fatal."
"Oh my gosh! Really?!"
"Yes, really."
"Wow! That's great!" Her entire body quivers with joy.
"Um, yeah, so I think I unconsciously dodged a fatal attack. No, I was
passed out, so I don't really know, but that's how I survived." Cid
sounds defensive for some unfathomable reason.
"You must have acted on reflex, thanks to your persistent training.
Amazing."
"Um, not exactly."
Rose kneels before him and looks into his eyes. "No, that's it. Your
undying efforts and passion gave life to this miracle."
She caresses Cid's cheek as she gazes at him, standing close enough
for him to almost feel her breath.
"Um..."
"You don't have to say anything. I absolutely accept your feelings."
Her eyes well up with tears as she peers at him, and her cheeks turn
as red as a rose.
"That's fine if you're convinced I miraculously survived. But don't go
saying it was some strange anomaly afterward."
"All right. For now, please get some rest."
"Negotiation complete. Good night."
Rose fondly watches him close his eyes and fall asleep. Her heart has
never raced so fast in her life.
Bu-dump, bu-dump, it throbs.
Page | 297
Up until this point, she's only heard tell of this feeling, but now she's
finally experiencing it firsthand.
"Since you've saved my life...I shall give my heart to you..."
She strokes Cid's hair and stays by his side until dawn.
"Don't you think they did a good job?" asks an alarmingly attractive
blond elf, presenting a sheet of paper.
In an ebony dress that makes her look like darkness itself, she's in
the Mitsugoshi building late at night.
Gamma takes the paper from the beauty and mumbles, "Lady
Alpha... Um, I don't know what to say."
"I'm sorry. It's a tough question to answer."
Alpha snickers to herself. The paper she handed over is a wanted
poster containing a sketch of Shadow in his ebony coat.
***
THEFT, KIDNAPPING... What a naughty man."
"You're also on the wanted poster for the Shadow Garden, Lady
Alpha. Though it only mentions your name."
"Where?"
Gamma takes out another paper for Alpha to read.
"The Shadow Garden... What a horrible organization."
The glow of the fireplace lights up her profile, and her supernatural
beauty radiates from the darkness.
Page | 298
"But it's a shame. I can't believe we rushed back here to find it
almost over."
Alpha tosses the wanted poster into the fire, muttering to herself as
she watches the flames lap it up and black char creep onto the edges
of the paper.
"Accuse us for the sins of the world. We'll accept them as our own,
but nothing will change. We'll still do what we're meant to do. How
beautiful..."
Alpha watches the poster turn to ash.
"Deep down, I used to think I stood on the side of justice. But he
wasn't like that."
The light and shadows across her alluring face shift with the swaying
flames. At times, she has the looks of a goddess, and at others, a
devil. The fire capriciously switches between the two.
"He's prepared, and we must follow suit."
Alpha turns back to Gamma, who nervously gulps upon seeing her
face.
"Gather every available member of the Seven Shadows."
"I will. Right away." Gamma bows her head. Cold sweat trails down
her neck and vanishes between her breasts.
After a chilly evening wind blows by her, Gamma lifts her head.
There's no one there.
All that's left is the flames in the fireplace flickering violently.
"Excuse me...!"
Page | 299
Hearing someone call out to him in front of the half-charred campus,
the ordinary boy with black hair turns.
"Oh, sorry about that. I was totally spacing out. What's up?"
"I heard I might be able to meet you if I waited here. There's
something I want to talk to you about...," admits a girl with peach
hair, gazing at him.
"Sure. It'll be a while before the authorities question me anyway.
Plus, classes are gonna be canceled for a while."
"Um...thank you for the other day." She lightly bows her head. "You
really saved me, Cid."
"It was nothing."
"I couldn't have done it without you."
"It's all good. Don't worry about it."
"Also, there's something else I have to tell you. Um, I've decided to
study abroad."
"Oh, that explains all that luggage."
There are heaps upon heaps of bags around her.
"Yes. I'll be taking a carriage to Laugus."
"So you're going to the college town... Wow, that's great."
"There's something I must do. I have to go because I can't do it with
the knowledge I have now."
"All right. I wish you the best."
"And because...there's no longer a reason for me to be here." She
mournfully turns back to the school. "I wish we could've talked more,
Cid..."
"Me too. But we'll meet again someday."
Page | 300
"Yeah, I look forward to it." She grins and walks past him.
"Oh, wait a sec."
"Yes?" She halts at the sound of his voice and turns.
"Can I ask what it is you have to do?"
The girl smiles uneasily. "It's a secret."
"I see."
"But when it's all over...will you listen to my story?"
"...Sure."
The pair grin before walking away from each other.
As they part, the billowing clouds overhead block the summer sun,
and the lukewarm breeze carries the scent of rain.
"I promise to..."
And the wind carries her whisper to his ears.
He seems to have heard the entire sentiment—a string of words
unintended for his ears. He turns to look back at her as she gets
smaller and smaller, farther and farther away from him.
Small raindrops drip down from the sky, moistening her light-pink
hair, and he continues walking as if nothing happened.
And neither turns back again.
It all started when Alpha sent me a letter that was only a sentence
long.
"Come to the Sacred Land if you're bored."
End of message.
Summer vacation had started early on account of the fire damage at
the academy, which meant I didn't have all that much going on.
Based on experience, I've found that taking Alpha up on her
invitations leads to all sorts of fun times. The day after I got the
letter, I set out for the destination.
Lindwurm, the Sacred Land. I've actually been there once before. It's
one of the holy sites in Divine Teachings, the most popular religion in
the world. Their shtick is that the Goddess Beatrix blessed the heroes
with strength and that she's the one true deity.
Anyway, it takes about four days to get from the academy to the
Sacred Land by carriage. They're both in Midgar, so it's relatively
close.
I hem and haw for a little while: Should I travel there by carriage like
a background character or just sprint there? I eventually settle on
dutifully playing my role and using a carriage. "One must always be
conscious of these things," I tell myself, putting on an affected air of
superiority.
If only I could go back in time and punch myself.
I should've just run. If I had just dashed there during the night, I
would've made it in no time.
But because I didn't, I find myself sharing a carriage with our student
council president, Rose Oriana.
18 | P a g e
The carriage is classy and spacious for just the two of us. After I made
my way to a rest stop in my cheap-ass carriage, I bumped into her by
chance, at which point she invited me to join her.
I swiftly turned her down.
But I'm no match for royalty. When all was said and done, we ended
up riding to the Sacred Land together.
According to Rose, there's some event going on there called the
Goddess's Trial, and she's been invited as a special guest.
As I listen to Rose's explanation, I realize Alpha must have asked me
to come so we could watch this thing together.
Somewhere along the way, though, I stop being able to make heads
or tails of Rose's monologue.
"It would have been a tragedy to lose a young man with as gallant a
spirit as yours in that incident, Cid," she says with a gentle smile.
I have a number of rebuttals to this statement: I'm just a nobody, so
I'm certainly not gallant, and when exactly did she stop calling me by
my full name? Well, at least this part still makes sense.
"When I found out you'd survived, I could sense it was destiny at
work. We can only talk about this because the world has granted us
its blessing."
This is the part where it stops making sense. First of all, I don't
believe in "destiny," and I have no idea what a "blessing" even is. If
you ask me, I'd just as soon flip the world the bird.
"Our path together will no doubt be paved with thorns. Nobody will
give us their blessing, and nobody will recognize us for who we are."
You literally just said the world has given you its blessing.
"But it's said that, after receiving the goddess's power, the heroes of
legend were granted wealth and renown from the people and went
19 | P a g e
on to marry princesses of major kingdoms. So though the path may
be harsh and trying, I believe a happy future is waiting at its end."
Is this what they preach in the Holy Teachings or something?
Bringing up the outliers of society—read: heroes—to push their
agenda sounds super-churchy.
"Completing this Goddess's Trial will mean taking one more step
down that thorny road. Afterward, I'll be able to regale my father
with tales of a gallant young man."
The young man who's gonna clear the Goddess's Trial sounds like a
lucky guy.
"The two of us can travel down that treacherous path one step at a
time. Each pace we advance will only serve to deepen our love."
Oh, so like a three-legged race. The spirit of mutual cooperation,
huh? That totally sounds like something the Holy Teachings would
preach.
"We have to keep it to ourselves for now, but let's try to make a
happy future a reality."
"Uh-huh."
Rose offers me her hand, and I take it. I dunno much about religion
or the teachings thereof, but if she says it's to bring about a happy
future, then I'm on board. Happiness is important, after all. My
happiness is, at least.
As I feel Rose's passionate gaze and slightly sweaty palms, I realize I
should probably put some distance between the two of us. I certainly
don't plan on mocking her for her faith, but it's the kind of thing
where both people need to be on the same page. When all the
zealots get together and go do their own thing, everyone ends up
better off.
20 | P a g e
"Nice weather today, huh?" I say as I look out the carriage window
toward the clear sky and pastoral plains.
When you want to steer a conversation away from a tiresome topic,
talking about the weather is always a solid plan.
"Yes. The sun is out, and I imagine it's quite warm outside," replies
Rose as she gazes out in kind.
Though the inside of the carriage is shaded, it's still hot enough to
make us sweat. The nape of Rose's fair neck is already glistening, and
her curled honey locks sway in the breeze as she narrows her pale
eyes to keep out the sun.
For a little while, we shoot the shit, talking about stuff like school
and the weather, occasionally lapsing into silence as we search for
new topics to discuss.
There are several types of silences, which can broadly be classified
into comfortable and uncomfortable ones.
Popular opinion has it that lulls in conversation are always
unpleasant, but my take is they aren't all that bad. After all, when
you realize you're both working in concert to continue to talk, it gives
you kind of a warm tingle of satisfaction.
After all, there's only two of us, and we've been in this carriage
forever. It's only natural for there to be pauses in the conversation.
The fact that we're working so hard to avoid that is exactly what
makes it so rewarding.
After the nth pause, Rose breaks the ice.
The afternoon sun has almost sunk, and its light has begun taking on
a vermilion hue.
"I suspect there were things going on behind the scenes in that
incident back at the academy."
"Hmm?"
21 | P a g e
Rose turns to gaze at the distant sunset. "Those men in black calling
themselves the Shadow Garden must have been in a different
organization than that man named Shadow."
"What makes you say that?"
"Their sword-fighting techniques are completely different. All the
men in black were fighting with standard styles, but Shadow and the
women obeying him were wielding their swords in an usual way. I'd
never seen those techniques before. They must be new."
"Huh."
"I told all this to the Midgar Knight Order, but even though I insisted
that Shadow and the group in black were fighting, the Knight Order's
public statement revealed they view the two parties as part of the
same organization. None of their reasons were convincing. I'm
certain there's more going on than meets the eye."
"Are you sure you're not just overthinking it?"
"I hope I am. If I'm not, though—if the Midgar Kingdom has the
wrong enemy in mind...calamity could be on the horizon. The Oriana
Kingdom has launched an investigation, but you can afford to be
careful."
I nod.
Rose smiles softly, nodding back.
"We should be reaching the resting town soon. I'll have them
prepare you the room next to mine."
"Nah, don't worry about it. I'll just find some cheap place on my
own."
"You mustn't. It's dangerous out there. I'll take care of the fee, of
course, so please don't worry about a thing."
"Oh, no, no, no. I couldn't impose on you."
22 | P a g e
"There's no need for modesty."
And that's how I end up staying in a top-of-the-line room, the kind
that costs three hundred thousand zeni a night. We go out for dinner
at a classy restaurant, pick out chic outfits as we window-shop, then
partake in a little gambling at the casino before heading back to the
inn. All of it's fit for a king. The bed is fluffy, and the room is even a
suite. It's awesome.
Better yet, I don't need to spend a single zeni. Maybe the ultimate
kind of background character is one who leeches off their loaded
friend. I guess there's value to be found in overlooking a little bit of
Bible-thumping.
We reach the Sacred Land, Lindwurm, around noon two days later.
Lindwurm is home to a massive church that looks like it's been
carved directly out of the mountain, and the townscape laid out
below it has whitewashed buildings. The main street running through
the town is swarming with tourists, and it ends in a long set of stairs
leading directly to the church.
After eating lunch at one of our usual high-class establishments, we
idly browse the street stalls as we walk down the main drag.
As we do, I spot a little trinket. It looks like the kind of metal key
chain with a dragon wrapped around a sword that you'd find at
tourist sites back in Japan. I guess some things are the same, even in
other worlds. What piques my interest, though, is discovering that
it's not a dragon wrapped around the sword but some sort of
sinister-looking left arm. I pick it up.
"Did that catch your eye?"
"Just a little. Why do they all have arms wrapped around them?"
23 | P a g e
Rose looks down at my hands. Excuse me, ma'am, but it's a little hot
for you to be pressing yourself up against my shoulder. The heat isn't
too bad at this altitude and all, but it is still summer, y'know.
"It's the hero Olivier's sword and the left arm of Diablos the demon.
It's said that the great hero cut off Diablos's left arm and sealed it
away on this very land. Up there," says Rose, pointing up beyond the
long stretch of stairs and the church at the apex. "At the top of that
steep mountain are ruins called the Sanctuary, and that's where
Diablos's left arm is sealed. Of course, it's all just a fairy tale." She
smiles. "It's a popular souvenir among men."
"I'll bet. Excuse me—could I get one of these?"
I buy one to take back as a gift for Skel. Three thousand zeni sets me
back a little, but I do have the decency to pay for it myself.
As for Po, he gave me a list of junk he wants. It sounds like a pain, so
I haven't looked at it yet.
After I stuff the trinket in my pocket, we get back to wandering
about. The hustle and bustle of the tourists and vendors all makes
me feel kind of nostalgic.
Suddenly, Rose yanks on my hand.
"It looks like Natsume, the author, is autographing books. I'm the
biggest fan!"
There's a huge throng of people in front of us. It looks like they're
standing in front of a bookstore, but I don't see a sign or anything.
"Would you mind if I joined the line? It might take a little while,
but..." Rose looks up at me with puppy-dog eyes.
"Yeah, go for it. I'll wait here."
"Oh, thank you! Care to join me?"
"Nah, I'm good."
24 | P a g e
Rose buys one of the books from the display, then goes and joins the
line.
Left with nothing better to do, I grab one of the books and idly flip it
open.
"I am a dragon. As yet, I have no name."
Wait, this is bald-faced plagiarism.
No. Some literary genius must have miraculously had the exact same
aesthetic sensibilities in this other world. I pull myself together and
reach for another book.
Romeo and Julietta.
I take that back. Definitely theft. And it's not the only one.
Asherella.
Little Crimson Riding Hood.
Some of the many books even have stories ripped from Hollywood
movies, manga, and anime. At this point, it all finally clicks.
Someone else must have reincarnated here, too.
I buy a book, then get in line to get it signed by this so-called
Natsume.
I just want to find out more about this author.
The line continues moving as I think about my approach, and before
long, the author comes into view. It's a little difficult to tell because
of the hood covering her head, but it's definitely a woman.
Her elegant silver hair comes down to her shoulders, framing her
blue feline eyes and the beauty mark under one of them. Her blouse
is open at the chest, letting her cleavage peek out.
"What the hell is she doing?"
25 | P a g e
It's a face I know all too well. Massaging my temples, I shake my
head and try to leave the line.
"Excuse me, sir. Where do you think you're going?"
However, I'm unsuccessful. She must have seen me moments before
I recognized her.
The line inches forward, and I eventually end up directly in front of
Natsume. The fair, silver-haired elf and I face each other. Yeah, I
know that elf, all right.
It's Beta.
"The book, please?" Beta pretends not to know who I am, instead
taking my copy with a broad grin on her face.
As I watch Beta sign it with clean, practiced movements, I can't help
but ask.
"So how's business?" I quietly whisper.
"Could be better. But I'm gaining quite a reputation."
Oh, I get it. We've got another one.
She's making bank off my wisdom, too.
Back in the day, I used to tell Beta stories from my original world.
Since she seemed to be into literature, I figured she could use tales
from Earth as a foundation to come up with badass plots of her own,
but I never imagined she'd be plagiarizing them wholesale and
making a killing in the process.
Dearest Beta, I'm disappointed in you.
I look down on Beta with a frigid stare as she hands me the signed
book.
"I was invited here as a special guest, so I've been able to get access
to inside information. I wrote the specifics of the plans in the
26 | P a g e
inscription," she informs me as I stand up to leave, moving her
mouth as little as possible.
We then part ways without so much as exchanging a glance. This is
sweet. It feels like I'm in a spy movie.
Maybe I was too harsh on you, dear Beta.
Upon exiting the shop, I'm greeted by a strangely delighted Rose.
"I knew you were a fan of Natsume, too, Cid."
"No, I..."
"I understand. It must be hard to bring yourself to admit it, since
most of the fans are women. Nevertheless, even though almost
everyone who comes to signings are women, Natsume has a fair
share of male fans."
"...Sure, I guess."
"The stories are compelling because they're so inventive! The plots
are all so new, their worldview is so novel, and the characters have
fresh and fascinating values."
New, novel, and fresh? Yeah, I'll bet.
"And Natsume is versed in so many genres: romance, mysteries,
action, children's stories, literary fiction... It's almost like each story is
being written by a different person. That diversity is precisely what's
allowed these pieces to capture the hearts of so many readers."
That's 'cause they were each written by different people.
"Oh, and look at this autograph. I even got Natsume to write my
name," says Rose gleefully as she opens up her book. Inside are
Rose's name and Natsume the Fraud's signature.
Now that I think about it, she mentioned something about having
written the specifics of some plan or other in mine. I flip my book
open.
27 | P a g e
"Are those...ancient letters?" asks Rose as she takes a peek.
"Looks like it. Yeah."
And I can't read a lick of it.
"Can you read 'em?"
"I'm afraid not. I've had a difficult time learning how to read ancient
texts. I can only make out a few symbols. And it seems it's written in
the modern equivalent of cursive, so I'm not sure I could make it out,
even if I was fluent."
"Ooh."
Awesome, so it's like a cipher or something. I gave up trying to learn
how to read the ancient alphabet, so I'm super-fascinated by it.
"Why write in ancient letters?"
"'Cause it looks cool."
"It looks cool?"
"Yup."
"I guess that's the kind of thing that appeals to men."
Next, we go check into our super-ritzy hotel, but Rose has to say hi to
some big shots or something, so we split up.
She says she can't introduce me because we're still just friends from
school for now. I dunno what she meant by "for now." Is she
planning on trying to convert me or something?
Unfortunately for her, I have a policy of not getting involved in any
religion. The only time I'd consider it is if I was founding one.
I'm the type of guy who doesn't have many likes or dislikes...mainly
because most of those things aren't worth thinking about.
28 | P a g e
That's not to say I don't have any preferences. None of them are
particularly important, and I could certainly make do without them,
but I still like the stuff I like and dislike the stuff I dislike. Even when
you try to separate those things out with logic, you can't logic away
your emotions.
I call stuff like that unimportant likes and unimportant dislikes.
Incidentally, one of those unimportant likes is hot springs.
Back in my previous life, I had a period when I didn't bathe. At the
time, I considered time spent soaking time wasted. Of course, I had
my life as a faceless extra to consider, so I made sure to take a threeminute shower every day, but I eliminated all time in the tub so I
could train instead.
This was around the point when I was pushing the limits of the
human species, by the way. In other words, I had to make every
minute count. I mean, this was during the period when I was
seriously planning on repelling nukes with my right straight-hand
punch.
When I finally realized I was losing my mind, I went back to bathing.
The trigger for that was a hot spring. Hot water fosters composure in
the soul, which has a direct effect on my training. That was the
reason I could do the mental gymnastics to realize I needed to find
magic or vibrational auras.
Anyway, I'm just trying to say I'm in a hot spring right now.
Lindwurm is famous for them, which is a fact I'd secretly been superexcited about.
It's early in the morning. It happens to be my favorite time to soak in
hot springs. I certainly wouldn't decline taking one in the evening,
but mornings are superior. After all, there usually aren't as many
people around. Sometimes, I even get the place all to myself.
29 | P a g e
I came today hoping that would happen, but unfortunately, it looks
like someone else had the same idea. To make matters worse, that
someone is Alexia.
Her platinum hair is all bundled up, and her red eyes go wide as they
momentarily lock with mine. We both immediately avert our gazes.
Afterward, we tacitly agree on a policy of mutual nonintervention
and go on pretending the other doesn't exist. The spring is designed
for nobility, which means few people use it, especially early in the
day. That's why all the dividers were cleared away, opening it up for
mixed bathing. It's spacious. Everything below eye level is covered by
the steam, and the sun is starting to rise. It would have been perfect
if I had this all to myself. I bask in the water and the morning
sunlight.
Alexia and I are on opposite ends of the outdoor bath with the best
view, watching the sun rise in uncomfortable silence.
From the corner of my eye, I see Alexia's white skin move. Ripples
spread out across the water's surface.
Bummer, I think. Guess I'll have to make this dip a quick one. Just as
the thought crosses my mind, though, Alexia breaks the silence.
"Have your injuries all healed?"
Her voice is quiet, by her standards.
"Yeah, I'm all better," I respond, wondering what she's talking about.
"I did fly off the handle when I sliced you up. I'm glad you survived."
"Thanks, I guess."
Ah. Those injuries.
I've spent enough time around her that I can tell this is her attempt
at an apology. I'd originally doubted if anyone had actually taught
her what an apology was, but I guess this is her version of one.
30 | P a g e
"While we're apologizing for stuff, I'm sorry I suspected you of being
a serial killer."
Hot water splashes against the side of my face.
"Obviously not."
"Yeah? So what are you doing in Lindwurm?"
"I'm a guest at the Goddess's Trial. You?"
"A friend of mine told me something exciting was going on. My guess
is she was talking about the Goddess's Trial. Do you know what it is?"
I can hear Alexia sigh.
"You came here without knowing? The Goddess's Trial is a battle
that happens once a year when they open the door to the Sanctuary.
Memories of ancient warriors are awoken from within, and
challengers come to fight them. Any dark knight who applies in
advance can participate, but there's no guarantee an ancient warrior
will answer their call. Several hundred dark knights enter each year,
but only about ten end up actually getting to fight."
Sounds interesting. I bet Alpha's planning on entering.
"How are they selected?"
"Supposedly, it's based on whether there's an appropriate warrior
for that challenger. Usually, the warrior is a little stronger than the
challenger, which is why it's called the Goddess's Trial. Ten years ago,
everyone was talking about how Venom the Wandering Swordsman
managed to call forth the great hero Olivier."
"Ooh, did he win?"
"He lost, or so I heard. That said, I didn't see it for myself, so who
knows? I can't even be sure if it really was Olivier or not."
"Huh."
31 | P a g e
Would Alpha be able to call forth a hero of legend? If she did, I bet
it'd be exciting.
"And you're not participating?" I ask. "Word is you've gotten strong
lately."
"I can't. I'm too busy this year. There are some unsavory rumors
floating around about the archbishop here, so I'm supposed to
investigate him."
"Unsavory rumors?"
"I'm not going to repeat them. If you want to know, join the Crimson
Order."
"No thanks."
32 | P a g e
33 | P a g e
"When you graduate, I'm ordering you to join."
"No thanks."
"I'll submit the application on your behalf."
"Please don't do that."
"You're so stubborn."
At this point, the conversation breaks off.
We sit there in silence for a little longer. This time, it isn't nearly so
unpleasant.
Then, I see Alexia move out of my periphery. Her long legs are
floating on the surface, making more ripples in the warm water.
"I'd expected you to be ogling me up and down, but I suppose I was
wrong."
Alexia doesn't mention what in particular she thought I'd be looking
at.
"Someone's confident."
"When you're unassailably beautiful like me, it's annoying to
constantly put up with lusty gazes."
Big words coming from someone wearing nothing.
"I try to avoid looking at other people when I'm in hot springs. That
way, we can all share it in peace."
"How admirable."
"And on that note, would you please stop trying to catch a glimpse of
my Excalibur?"
"Pfft," Alexia laughs. It's like she's looking down on me. "Excalibur,
huh? Are you sure you didn't mean Earthworm?"
34 | P a g e
"If that's what you think, it's no skin off my back. Earthworm,
Excalibur, I'm fine with whatever, but let me give you a warning."
I stand up, making waves across the pool.
"You shouldn't judge things based on appearances. Sometimes, an
earthworm just hasn't left its scabbard yet."
And with my goods all out in the open, I turn around and get out of
the pool.
"Wh-what do you mean...?" stammers Alexia. Her cheeks are flushed
pink.
"When the holy sword is drawn from its scabbard, its ivory blade will
be unleashed, sending you on a journey to the Garden of Chaos..."
With that suggestive line, I give my wet towel a strong snap, sending
it up between my legs to clap loudly against my butt.
Old geezers do it all the time when they're getting out of the bath,
and I can't get enough of it. There's no rhyme or reason to it, but the
hot springs experience just doesn't feel complete unless I do it, too.
After a second and third time, I head over to the dressing room.
As I finish changing, I can hear the sound of snapping coming from
the hot spring.
The warm lamplight illuminating the majestic cathedral makes it
appear more ethereal.
Only one person stands within it: a beautiful blond elf. She's wearing
a pitch-black dress, and her blue eyes are fixated on a statue of the
great hero Olivier.
She could have been the moon shining radiantly against the dark of
the night. Her name is Alpha.
35 | P a g e
"All we want is to know the truth," she prays, almost as if she were
talking to the statue. "Great hero, what did you do at the Sanctuary?
Each time we pull back a layer of our dark history, we find more
truths and lies interwoven together."
Her high heels click as she begins walking, resounding throughout
the cathedral as Alpha walks across its marble floor toward the red
mass spread across it.
"Archbishop Drake, what were you hiding? If only you could talk. I
really would have liked an answer."
The red mass is composed of blood and chunks of flesh. The
corpulent man breathing his last at its center has been brutally sliced
to pieces.
The high heels come to a stop atop the pool of blood. White legs
extend down from beneath Alpha's knee-length dress.
"Who was it who killed you? Who was it who could easily dispose of
a man with your status?"
The dying archbishop's eyes are filled with the sublime light of the
grave. Dark rumors about him had reached as far as the royal capital,
and he had been likely to come under investigation in the near
future. Before that could happen, though, he had been made to
disappear.
"Tomorrow, we shall wait for the door to the Sanctuary to be cast
open."
After shooting another glance at the statue of Olivier, Alpha turns
around.
From the other side of the cathedral's doors, the voices of people
searching for the archbishop grow closer.
Paying them no heed, Alpha opens that same set of doors and
leaves.
36 | P a g e
As the sound of high heels recedes into the distance, it's replaced
with a throng of the Church's paladins surging into the cathedral.
Though they find the body of their archbishop, not one of them says
a word about the blond elf. None of them even realizes she's gone
by...
...but the bloodstained stiletto marks continue down the marble
hallway.
It's the night before the big event, and I'm gazing down at Lindwurm
from atop its clock tower.
The Goddess's Trial is tomorrow, and everyone's all abuzz. Stalls line
the main street, and the lamps along the road make it look like a
veritable river.
Rose is off at some party at the church. I wasn't invited. Not that I
would have gone.
I smile as my hair dances in the night wind.
I gotta say, I'm loving this whole series of episodes where I get to
look down on people and places from on high. The fact that it's
nighttime and there's an event going on below makes it even better.
"It begins...," I mutter, getting swept up in the mood. "So... They've
made their decision..."
I narrow my eyes.
"Then I shall do my part to stand against it."
In a flash, I transform into my Shadow outfit.
"For that choice is something we cannot allow..."
With that, I leap into the night sky. My obsidian long coat flutters
behind me as I make my landing.
37 | P a g e
My destination is a back alley removed from the celebrations. A
masked man is standing before me.
He looks sketchy, so I've been tracking him with my gaze ever since
he fled from the church. He's probably a robber or something.
No, wait, I can smell blood on him.
A mugger maybe?
"Did you really think you could escape...?" I ask him.
The masked man shrinks back a step.
"At night, the world dims, transforming it into our domain..."
He draws his sword.
"...and none can escape it."
The man squares off against me, his sword at the ready.
I leave my katana undrawn, waiting for the moment to come.
Then it happens. As soon as the masked man tries to swing his blade,
his head goes flying through the air.
I watch in silence as I wait for the woman behind his corpse to
approach me.
"It's been some time, my lord."
The woman kneeling before me is Epsilon, the fifth member of the
Seven Shadows.
She uncovers her face from behind her bodysuit, then looks up at
me. She's an elf with hair the color of a clear lake, and her eyes are
just a smidgen darker.
Beauty comes in many varieties, and hers is decidedly flashy. Her
looks are accentuated by sharp facial features, and her figure is
exaggerated, too. Her body sways with each step she takes. It's
38 | P a g e
enough to catch the eye of anyone, man or woman, whether they're
interested in her or not. I know her secret, though.
"A clean slash. Nice work."
"I'm honored." Epsilon's cheeks flush a little when she smiles. Her
crisp tone might come across as haughty to some, but I don't think it
sounds bad. It reminds me of a piano.
Of all the members of the Seven Shadows, she's the best at
controlling her magic with precision. Magic can be super-hard to
manipulate when it leaves your body, but she has no problems
striking from a distance.
39 | P a g e
40 | P a g e
Her nickname is Epsilon the Faithful.
She has buckets of pride and an intense personality, but she's pretty
mellow around me. Though she may be quick to jump to
misunderstandings, she used to brew tea for me back in the day.
She's a good kid and obediently follows Alpha's orders. I know she's
the type to respect the chain of command.
Honestly, it's been forever since the last time I saw her, and I have a
bunch of stuff to catch her up on. Based on her behavior, though, I
can tell she's in Shadow Garden mode.
Well, that works, too. If that's the case, I'd better respond in kind.
"How is the plan proceeding?"
Epsilon scrunches up her face a bit. I bet she's frantically trying to
figure out an appropriate plot for our little game of pretend.
"The Executioner of the Cult put down our target. We dealt with the
henchmen, but the Executioner in question seems to have vanished."
"I see..."
So an Executioner is in it, huh? I dig it.
"We're switching to our other strategy."
Oh, so it's one of those scenarios where we scrap plan A and place
our bets on plan B.
"Very well. But you know what that means..."
"We're ready. We've prepared to make enemies of the Church and
for our reputation to be dragged through the mud..."
"I'll act on my own. Don't fail me..."
"Yes, sir."
I cast a sidelong glance at Epsilon as she bows, then exit stage right
by concealing my presence and slipping into the darkness.
41 | P a g e
42 | P a g e
43 | P a g e
How disagreeable, Alexia silently mutters to herself.
She's sitting in one of the seats for the special guests, waiting for the
opening ceremony of the Goddess's Trial to begin. The seats in
question are occupied by Natsume, Alexia, and Rose. There are a
number of other guests behind them, but they're the main
attractions. It's painfully obvious they're being used to draw an
audience as de facto booth babes, but she can overlook that.
There are two things Alexia finds disagreeable.
The first is Nelson. The acting archbishop is busy pompously greeting
everyone in the center of the grounds. When she talked with him
earlier about the archbishop's murder the day before, he obstinately
refused to let her look into the incident.
It all started when Nelson spouted some nonsense about the
inspection being called off because the subject was dead. Alexia had
replied that made the investigation all the more necessary, dumbass,
though she'd obviously used more diplomatic language. Nelson
insisted she needed to get her request reapproved if she wanted to
conduct an inspection.
Even if she hurried, it would take her three days to get back to the
capital, at least a week to get approval, and another three days to
return to Lindwurm. Who knows how long it would take Nelson to
accept her permit once she actually brought it to him? Depending on
his mood, he could easily end up making her wait an additional
week. It went without saying that after all that time passed, crucial
evidence could be lost forever.
That said, Alexia knew she was acting as a representative of her
country, so she couldn't exactly force his hand. Holy Teachings
44 | P a g e
wasn't just practiced in the kingdom of Midgar but in all the nearby
nations, too. If she tried to push the issue, she was liable to receive
backlash from their neighbors, not to mention lose the support of
the populace. Religion made for a handy ally, but as a foe, it was an
absolute nuisance.
She glares at Acting Archbishop Nelson as he jovially continues giving
his address. At least grieve a little, baldy, she silently mutters to
herself. The archbishop's death hasn't been reported to the public,
but still. Oh, and by the way, Nelson is bald.
Alexia sighs, then glances at the woman in her periphery, Natsume or
whatever, sitting to her left.
Natsume is the other thing that irks Alexia.
Natsume sits politely beside her, responding to the crowd's cheers
with a broad smile. Her elegant silver hair frames her blue feline eyes
and accompanying mole, and her features only serve to enhance her
likability.
Thanks to her pearly smile and queenly wave, her lovely appearance,
and her graceful conduct, she's wildly popular.
As Alexia looks at her, she becomes more and more certain there's
something fishy about her.
Maybe Natsume is the kind of genius author who comes around
once in a millennium and maybe she isn't, but the fact of the matter
is that Alexia hadn't so much as heard of her prior to that day. True,
Alexia doesn't have a shred of interest in literature, but as a princess,
she does put some effort into knowing who's who. In other words,
Natsume must have only just risen to prominence recently.
For a rookie to have such presence, to conduct herself so well, and to
be so popular? That is fishy.
45 | P a g e
She isn't jealous! If anything, it's the kind of hate that arises from
being cut from the same cloth.
Alexia knows how to conduct herself flawlessly in front of the public.
She lives her life repressing her true self and playing the part of a
perfect princess. Most people in positions of power are playing a role
in some capacity, but it's hard to come by someone willing to
sacrifice themselves to perform the part to perfection. It's a safe bet
to say that the more an actor sacrifices to pull off the ultimate
performance, the darker their underside.
"Thank you all," Natsume calls out to the crowd. Alexia clicks her
tongue.
She finds that soft, ingratiating voice of Natsume's grating. Her
exposed chest is too calculated as she stoops over to show off her
cleavage... Well, aren't you just the cutest?
As she internally bad-mouths Natsume, Alexia waves at the gathered
masses with an unchanging smile.
However, the crowd clearly reacted to Natsume better. For a
moment, Alexia's cheek twitches, and she crosses her arms. As she
uses them to push up her breasts, she hunches over. Just a little.
The crowd's cheers grow ever so slightly louder.
Emphasis on ever so slightly.
W-well, my neckline isn't very low, so it's hardly my fault, Alexia
silently reassures herself as she returns to her seat.
She casts a fleeting glance to her right, where Rose is smiling happily.
She's been like that all morning.
Then, just in case, the princess glances to her left.
In that moment, she sees something: the corners of Natsume's lips
curled up in a mocking smirk.
46 | P a g e
Something inside Alexia snaps.
How disagreeable, Beta silently mutters to herself as she plays the
role of Natsume the novelist.
There is just one thing she finds annoying, and it's sitting to her right:
Alexia Midgar. She's the vermin who used her position as a princess
and a friend to get close to Beta's beloved master.
Everything is fishy about that woman, behaving like a model princess
by cajoling the crowd with her sickeningly soft, ingratiating voice and
waving at them with that questionable smile. When it comes to
women who pretend to be perfect as a matter of habit, it's generally
a safe bet they have a dark underside. There isn't a doubt in Beta's
mind that her master would never fall for such a wench, but even a
one-in-a-million chance is still a chance.
And even if that didn't end up being a problem, the woman was still
a nuisance, one whose presence was most unwelcome in the pages
of Beta's The Chronicles of Master Shadow.
When Beta heard Shadow saved that woman during The Case of the
Kidnapped Princess, her blood boiled. It filled her with rage that she
hadn't been the one who'd...er, wait, uh...at the fact that girl had
caused so much trouble for her master. Right. It wasn't jealousy,
obviously!
In order to contain her fury, Beta rewrote that section, replacing the
role of the victim saved by Shadow with an adorable silver-haired,
blue-eyed elf with a beauty mark. She stayed up late at night reading
and rereading that section over and over.
But now, the harlot was threatening to barge in on The Chronicles of
Master Shadow again. Beta was more powerful, more beautiful, and
47 | P a g e
more devoted to her master, so what did that woman think she was
doing butting in? I-it was ridiculous!
As Beta internally spews vitriol at that vulgar princess, she responds
to the crowd's cheers on autopilot.
When she snatches a glance to the side, she sees, of all things, that
tawdry princess trying to push up her shoddy chest to curry favor
with the masses.
How sickening.
And besides, those things don't come close to hers in terms of
volume. They're totally average.
Thoroughly pleased at herself for emerging victorious yet again, Beta
glances down at her voluminous cleavage and lets out a little snort.
Oops. Did Alexia hear that?
Beta turns away to play dumb, which is exactly when a sharp pain
shoots through her right foot.
"Ah...?!" She stifles her yelp and looks down to discover Alexia's heel
being driven into her foot.
As she strains to keep herself from snapping, Beta calmly addresses
her.
"Excuse me, Princess Alexia, but would you please move your foot?"
Alexia stares fixedly at Beta as she removes her heel, feigning that
she only just realized what she was doing. Then, without so much as
an apology, she even has the nerve to let out a little laugh.
You absolute piece of shiiiit!! Beta is about to scream out loud, but
between her devotion to her master and her loyalty to the Shadow
Garden, she manages to rein herself in.
Only barely.
48 | P a g e
A drop of blood trickles from Beta's lip.
Rose just keeps on happily smiling.
I gaze out vacantly over the Goddess's Trial from the stands.
It's the middle of the day, so things have only just gotten started.
They're still giving speeches, introducing the guests, and marching in
the parade. The main event, the actual Trial, isn't slated to start until
after sundown.
Currently, I'm just in the bleachers as another face in the crowd. I let
out a sigh, looking at the three girls all getting along in the guest box.
I wanna do something.
Specifically, something shadowbrokery. Resigning myself to the role
of a normal spectator during an awesome event is killing me.
Like, I should be partaking in that standard trope where I participate
in the Trial myself while keeping my identity hidden or something.
You know, the bit where I make some huge display of my powers,
and everyone goes, Who is that guy?!
If this were a tournament, that would be sweet. Unfortunately,
though, everyone only gets one round here, and after some
research, I found out it'd be pretty hard to nab a slot while keeping
my identity under wraps. I consider barging in by force, but I figure
I'd rather save that for something more important.
As I wrestle with one nonstarter of an idea after another, the event
gradually proceeds.
Sometimes that's just how it goes. I couldn't think of a decent plan
yesterday, and it's not like I was expecting some convenient stroke of
genius to strike me on the spot. And even though it sorta feels like
49 | P a g e
I'm giving up, I'll still be able to enjoy myself in the normie way. This
world is short on big events, so I find myself able to have a
surprisingly good time. I even manage to gamble my way into a little
pocket money.
Eventually, the sun makes its way down, and the main attraction
finally starts. A brilliant light fills the grounds, and ancient letters rise
up from the ground in the arena.
Then the letters release a dome of white light. The crowd goes wild.
Once the challenger goes into the dome, the Sanctuary picks out an
appropriate opponent, and the battle starts. That's it. No one in the
wings is able to interfere until one side or the other is unable to
continue. Apparently, people have even died.
The whole bit about being forced to fight until one party literally
can't anymore makes me reevaluate the merits of playing a
background character through this event. There is a real risk that my
true strength could be discovered if I enter.
Meanwhile, the first challenger steps into the dome after the
introductions. He's some sort of tough guy from the Knight Order.
But the dome offers no response.
The man curses as he leaves the arena.
You can't blame the guy: The entrance fee is one hundred thousand
zeni, after all. And apparently, there are over 150 participants this
year.
It makes sense in a way. Passing the Goddess's Trial is supposedly a
great honor. You get a commemorative medal, and I hear everyone
falls all over themselves going, You beat the Goddess's Trial? Wow!
Here's a job! to the victor.
As I watch the challengers go up one by one, I find myself wondering
just how long it's gonna be until Alpha's turn.
50 | P a g e
The first ancient warrior who shows up to fight is for lucky challenger
number fourteen.
Annerose is a traveler from Velgalta, a country that prizes swordplay,
and when she enters the dome, the ancient script reacts and begins
glowing. The light coalesces into a humanoid shape—a translucent
warrior. According to the commentators, he's Borg, a warrior from
ancient times.
The two of them have a fairly ordinary battle, and Annerose secures
a fairly ordinary victory. I was pretty pumped up to see what the
ancient warriors could do, so I'm bummed at how mundane the fight
turns out. Fingers crossed that the next ones will be stronger.
As the event goes on, it dawns on me that I had it wrong. Annerose
herself is strong. Eight warriors have been summoned at this point,
but she's the only challenger who's won so far. When I think about it
like that, I realize Borg must've been a tough nut, too.
The night wears on, and the pool of remaining challengers is reduced
to a mere few.
As I feel the event starting to wind down to its conclusion, I hear the
name of the next contestant get called out.
"Our next challenger is from the Midgar Academy for Dark Knights:
Cid Kagenou!"
Cid Kagenou? Who's that? Wait... That's me!
I'm definitely the only Cid Kagenou who goes to the Midgar Academy
for Dark Knights, but...I definitely don't remember signing up.
"Let's give our brave contender a warm welcome!"
No! Stop! Pause!
A wave of applause washes over me. Someone even whistles, and
excited cheers fill the stadium.
51 | P a g e
I'm not liking the vibe here. My cheek twitches as I rack my brain.
Given the situation, I have three options.
Option one: I can give up and go fight. If nothing happens, my
position as a nobody is safe, but if some superpowerful warrior
appears, I'm at risk of having my powers discovered.
Option two: I can make a run for it. I'm just some rando from the
Academy for Dark Knights, after all. Nobody knows what I look like,
so it would be a breeze. Unfortunately, I'd piss off the Church. If they
complain to my school, I might even get expelled.
Option three: I can cause a shitstorm. Looks like this is my only
choice.
I erase my presence, dashing at top speed to find a hiding place.
Once I've made sure I'm alone, I transform into my Shadow guise and
leap out into the air.
I'm a fervent believer in the philosophy that there's no problem you
can't get rid of with an explosion.
And on that note...
Commence Operation: A Mysterious Badass Causes a Shitstorm!
As I land atop the domed platform, my long coat flutters behind me.
"My name is Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..."
The crowd stirs.
"Ancient memories slumber within the Sanctuary..."
The ancient script reacts and begins forming a humanoid shape.
"And tonight, we shall release them..."
I draw my ebony katana and slice through the night sky.
52 | P a g e
Over in the guest seats, Beta's mouth is open impressively wide.
"Shadow!!"
"Shadow?!"
"Mas—?!"
Realizing she's about to call him Master Shadow, Beta frantically
stops herself mid-sentence.
Fortunately for her, everyone else in the guest box has their eyes
glued to Shadow, so nobody hears her. Alexia, Rose, and even Acting
Archbishop Nelson are visibly shaken at the appearance of a sudden
intruder.
As she closes her gaping mouth, Beta begins thinking. This wasn't
part of the plan.
At the same time, though, she realizes something. She knows her
beloved master would never take such measures without good
cause. There must be some key reason for his actions, and it's her
job as his backup to figure out what it is.
A moment later, Beta is calm and collected again.
What should she do?
What's the best course?
"I see. So that's Shadow," murmurs Nelson. "I don't know what he's
trying to do, but the Church's paladins are stationed all around the
arena. You've overestimated yourself, fool. We won't let you
escape."
Nelson gives the order for the paladins to assemble.
These are knights chosen from baptism to protect the Church.
Normal knights can't even begin to compare to their strength. Back
53 | P a g e
when she was a kid, Beta found herself struggling to take one down
in the process of saving a "Compatible." Nowadays, of course, she
would never let something so unseemly happen.
"Why is Shadow here...?" mutters Alexia.
"Is he okay? I hope he doesn't get needlessly caught up in all this...,"
says Rose. Keeping one eye on Shadow, she restlessly surveys the
area.
Suddenly, the arena is flooded in white.
The ancient letters flash, then coalesce into the shape of a warrior.
Beta puts together the minute description listed in the ancient
letters and reads it aloud.
"Aurora the Calamity Witch..."
"Aurora? Impossible..."
Beta's and Nelson's voices overlap.
When the light dies down, a woman stands in its place. Her hair is
long and black, and her eyes are a vivid shade of violet. She wears a
thin black robe, and her dark-purple dress and pale skin are almost
translucent. She has an artistic beauty to her, as though she were a
sculpture come to life.
"Aurora? Who's that?" Alexia asks Nelson, deliberately ignoring Beta.
"She's the Calamity Witch. Long ago, she rained chaos and
destruction down on our world."
"The Calamity Witch... I've never heard of her."
"Neither have I. Miss Natsume, you suggested that you had?" asks
Rose.
"Yes, but little more than her name alone," replies Beta.
Which was the truth.
54 | P a g e
Aurora the Calamity Witch. Each time Beta finds out more about
ancient history, Aurora's name invariably shows up. Even so, she still
has no idea what kind of chaos Aurora sowed or the destruction she
wrought. Other than the mysteries surrounding Diablos, her history
is the one the Shadow Garden is putting the most effort into
researching.
And now, she's here in person. This is a massive breakthrough. Beta
withdraws her notepad from the gap in her cleavage, then jots down
a hasty sketch of Aurora. Then she sketches Shadow squaring off
against her. She spends considerably more time on the latter.
"Gathering ideas for your novels?" Rose comments.
"...Something along those lines."
After scribbling "Master Shadow was just as sublime as always," Beta
snaps her notepad closed.
"If you wouldn't mind, could you tell me a little more about Aurora?"
asks Beta flirtatiously.
Nelson swells with pride. "I can hardly blame you two for your
ignorance. In fact, I'm more surprised that Miss Natsume had heard
about her. Only a small fraction of people are familiar with Aurora,
even among the Church," he says with a smile. His gaze never leaves
the cleavage peeking out from Beta's blouse. "Still, it looks like we
won't need those paladins after all. Shadow's luck appears to have
run out."
"Is Aurora really that strong?" asks Rose.
"She's the most powerful woman in recorded history. She could
crush someone like him with one hand tied behind her back. Sadly,
though, that's as much as I can tell you."
Nelson goes quiet, as if to say See for yourselves.
55 | P a g e
Beta becomes indignant—there's no doubt in her mind her lord will
emerge victorious, but that's not to say she's completely free of
worry.
Aurora the Calamity Witch was resilient enough to etch her name in
the annals of history. If the battle against this foe tires her master
out, the paladins might take advantage of that opportunity and...
It's unthinkable...but not impossible.
Plus, enough time has passed for Beta to get a dim idea of Shadow's
plan. He mentioned something about releasing ancient memories
slumbering in the Sanctuary. He'd taken action to call forth Aurora.
There must be some sort of merit in doing so.
If her master has judged Aurora to be the key to all this, then Beta
intends to follow his lead.
Beta gently touches the beauty mark on her cheek. That's the signal
that indicates a change in plans. Lurking somewhere in the area,
Epsilon has probably picked up on her cue. Even if she hasn't, Beta is
confident Epsilon will act appropriately.
"It's about to begin."
Prompted by Nelson, Beta turns her gaze toward the arena. There,
she sees Shadow with his ebony katana in hand and Aurora with
arms crossed and a relaxed smile. It makes her seem so alive and
beautiful, it's hard to believe Aurora is composed of nothing but
distant memories.
"I find it hard to believe Shadow would go down so easily...,"
whispers Alexia. Her expression is serious, and she's watching
Shadow closely.
Beta finds herself ever so slightly impressed. At least Alexia isn't
totally blind.
The air in the stadium is tense. The silence is stifling.
56 | P a g e
Shadow. Aurora. They continue standing there, staring at each other.
Maybe this moment is critical for them. Maybe they're each trying to
get a read on the other.
Finally, with an air of seeming reluctance, the battle begins.
I haven't felt this way in a really long time.
As I stand facing the woman with violet eyes, I grin beneath my
mask.
She's smiling, too.
There's no doubt in my mind that she feels the same as I do.
In my opinion, each battle is a conversation.
A tremor in their sword's tip, a shift in their gaze, the position of the
feet... There's meaning to be found in all those tiny things, and
seeking those meanings and figuring out how best to deal with them
are what fights are all about.
It's no exaggeration to say that the most skilled in combat hold the
power to perceive purpose in the smallest of actions and prepare a
superior response.
57 | P a g e
58 | P a g e
That's why I think of it as a conversation.
With stronger communication skills, you can anticipate further
ahead, allowing you to respond appropriately, which they can guess
before you can follow through and react, and so on and so forth, in
an endless exchange.
On the other hand, if your conversational skills are lacking, or if
there's too big a difference between you and the other guy, you
won't be able to get a dialogue started in the first place.
One side, or sometimes even both, will act on impulse until the fight
ends.
That's no conversation. It's not even a process. Just a result. In my
opinion, if you aren't planning on having a discussion, you might as
well just go ahead and decide your fight with a good old game of
rock-paper-scissors. Delta, I'm talking to you here. Her rules let rock
beat the living shit out of paper and scissors.
That said, I'm hardly in any position to talk. It's been forever since
I've had anything even resembling a conversation.
Unlike Delta, though, I do at least go in trying to communicate... It
just always ends with me playing rock and smashing in their face.
That's why this chick is getting me more excited than I've been in a
while. She's watching me. The tip of my sword, my gaze, my
footwork... While she pretends to smile nonchalantly, she's watching
every meaningful move I make.
I think I'll call her Violet. My dear, beloved Violet.
For the first few moments, our conversation consists of merely
staring at each other.
Bit by bit, we're learning. She's the type who likes to keep her
distance, and I'm fundamentally the kind of guy who likes to match
59 | P a g e
my opponent's rhythm. I'm definitely not the type who likes
smashing people with my rock.
And because of that, I begin our conversation by ceding the initiative.
After you, I imply.
The very next moment, I yank back my front leg.
As I do, something like a red spear explodes from the ground where
my foot was.
I retreat half a step. Gotta say I wasn't expecting her first move to
come from below me.
The red spear splits into two, rushing at me from both sides.
The first step is to observe.
I want to judge its speed, mobility, and destructive capacity.
For these reasons, I dodge the spear on my left, then block the one
on my right with my katana. The impact has weight to it. It's
definitely enough to kill me.
The dodged spear proceeds to split again. There are probably a
thousand red wires now, and they all look sharp as needles.
Then, they converge on my position.
I gather magic in my blade and sweep the lot of them away,
obliterating the red spear completely.
"A swarm of mosquitoes can never take down a lion," I tell her.
Violet beams with grace. We go back to staring at each other for a
bit.
With stronger communication skills, it takes less time to gauge the
other party, including their condition for the most part.
I know how this battle will end. Violet probably does, too.
60 | P a g e
Suddenly, the silence is broken when a series of spears as thick as
logs burst out of the ground.
There are nine of them in total.
I'm able to dodge the wide ones, but they can change their shape
like tentacles and keep coming—trying to stab at me with spears,
wrap around me with string, chomp at me like jaws.
That's the way she likes to fight: a lethal, one-sided game with those
shape-shifting tentacles.
I continue observing. As I watch how the feelers operate, I refine my
movements.
By doing so, I'm able to remove any unnecessary motion when I
dodge. Full steps turn to half steps. Two moves turn to one.
Even if I avoid them forever, I can't win, but evasion is a necessary
first step to counterattacking.
The less I have to move to dodge, the faster my subsequent
counterattack can come.
Eventually, my evasion and my counterattack will coincide.
With a single step, I bring myself directly in front of Violet.
At some point, a scythe appears in her hands. It cleaves toward me.
As I repel the blow with my katana, I kick her in the leg.
A slime sword extends from the tip of my foot and impales her. As of
late, I've mostly been using it as a prop for when I want to get
theatrical, but it's invaluable against strong enemies as a way to
throw them off-balance.
For a beat, she stops moving, and a moment is all I need.
Violet smiles, accepting the outcome.
"I wanted to fight you at your full strength."
61 | P a g e
As fresh blood sprays through the air, I whisper in a low voice only
Violet can hear.
"Like I said, Shadow doesn't have a leg to stand on," says Nelson
proudly. Alexia ignores him.
Since the beginning of the battle, Aurora has been pushing Shadow
back nonstop. Alexia gazes in astonishment at the terrifying speed of
the red tendrils.
Those things are unlike any weapon she's ever seen. They change
their form so freely, it's like they're an extension of Aurora's own
body. She could probably even extend them out even farther and run
an entire group through at once.
Anyone insisting on fighting her with a sword would be doomed from
the get-go.
So this is the power of ancient battle techniques. Alexia is forced to
admit she would be no match for Aurora.
"He's more persistent than I expected, but the difference in skill is
clear."
You're wrong. Alexia silently rejects Nelson's observation.
Although it may look like Shadow is being pushed back by Aurora's
onslaught, he hasn't actually tried to attack yet. He's just observing,
taking stock of this unfamiliar attack.
Aurora is strong, make no mistake. She's powerful enough to give
Shadow a decent fight, after all.
But those red spears haven't so much as touched him yet.
"A swarm of mosquitoes can never take down a lion."
62 | P a g e
As Shadow speaks, he blasts away over a thousand slender spikes in
a single blow.
The red spears regroup into thick poles and rush at Shadow from all
directions.
They hum through the air as they rain down on him with enough
force to kill a lion, splitting apart and gnashing at him like fangs.
But they just can't connect.
Much to the contrary—with each pass, Shadow's evasions get
smoother.
Each time it seems they can't possibly get any more efficient, they
do.
Each moment, Alexia thinks the battle has reached its apex, only for
it to be overwritten with an even loftier summit the next.
"Amazing..."
"As always..."
Alexia and Natsume whisper in unison.
The truly strong are able to drive their opponents into a deadlock
with defense alone. Alexia's instructor taught her that once.
This fight is a prime example.
"What are you doing, you stupid witch? Finish him off already!"
Nelson screams in a tone tinged with irritation.
But the moment has passed.
Aurora is no longer capable of stopping Shadow.
The fight was decided in the blink of an eye.
Alexia was only able to make out a fraction of the exchange.
63 | P a g e
Shadow stepped in, Aurora swung her scythe, and before Alexia
knew it, there was blood everywhere.
And the one who'd gone down...was Aurora.
The result was quick and unsatisfying. It was like watching a lion snap
a lamb's neck.
Nobody could tell what Shadow had done or what happened in that
final exchange.
That was why it was so disappointing.
The stadium is dead silent, as if that fierce fight never happened.
"Did she...just lose? That's impossible! She was on the attack!" yelps
Nelson.
He probably thought Aurora was the favorite up until the very last
moment.
When the tables turn in the space of a single instant, it takes a
minute for people to process the situation. Nelson isn't alone in that.
Most of the spectators still aren't sure they haven't mistaken the
defeated for the victor.
"What just happened? There's no way Aurora could lose! She's...!"
Shadow's ebony long coat flutters behind him as he leaps into the
night sky.
"S-stop there! After him! Don't let him get away!" cries Nelson after
returning to his senses.
The confused paladins rouse themselves into motion and scramble
after Shadow.
Alexia suddenly realizes she's been holding her breath. As she
exhales, she tries to memorize Shadow's sword work so as not to
forget it.
64 | P a g e
"His tricks are as astounding as always..." Rose's voice escapes her
like a sigh.
Just as Alexia is about to concur, a blinding light pours into the arena.
65 | P a g e
66 | P a g e
67 | P a g e
Rose narrows her eyes and waits for the light to die down.
A massive white door looms in its place.
"What is that...?" whispers Rose. "Is it opening...?"
It is. Slowly but surely, the door opens, glowing dimly as it does.
It makes for a rather strange sight.
"Impossible... Did the Sanctuary respond?" murmurs Nelson, audibly
flabbergasted.
"What do you mean by that?" asks Rose
"As you're aware, today is the one day a year that the door to the
Sanctuary opens."
"But I'd heard the door was located inside your church."
"True, there is one in the church. But it isn't the only one. Depending
on who comes knocking, there are multiple doors the Sanctuary can
send to receive them. The Unsolicited Door, the Beckoning Door, the
Welcoming Door... And until we go in, there's no telling which one it
is," replies Nelson. His gaze is fixed on the white portal. "Now that
things have come to this, we cannot allow the Goddess's Trial to
continue. Remove the spectators from the grounds."
Upon receiving Nelson's orders, the officials begin directing the
audience outside. The special guests begin leaving as well.
All the while, the door continues to open.
"Don't let anyone near it!" barks Nelson. Once the door is open wide
enough for a person to fit through, he calls out to Rose and the
others. "Please evacuate the premises."
As he does, Rose draws her sword. Alexia does the same, and the
two stand back-to-back as they ready their blades.
68 | P a g e
"What are you...?!" cries Nelson, flustered. When he looks around,
he discovers a group of people clad all in black have already
surrounded them. Even Rose and Alexia only notice a moment
before Nelson does.
A clear, sonorous voice rings out. "Sorry. I'm going to have to ask
that you all remain there until the door fully closes." The speaker is a
woman whose garb is noticeably different from the others'.
"You... Are you from the damn Shadow Garden?!"
In her dress-like robe, the woman steps forward from her comrades
in black bodysuits and strides gracefully toward the door.
For a moment, her gaze lights upon Rose and Alexia.
Their shoulders shiver, and their spines freeze up, locking them
together.
She's strong...!
Her gaze carries with it a terrifying intensity, and her presence is so
overwhelming, it feels as if she commands the very night.
Rose and Alexia both consider Shadow to be pushing the limits of
strength, but this woman has reached at least his footing. That much
they know.
"Epsilon, I leave the rest to you. And as for the two princesses, be
good."
"Understood, Alpha."
"Stop right there! I won't let you enter the Sanctuary!!"
Ignoring Nelson's shouts, the woman named Alpha slips through the
door of light.
"Oh, that's Alpha...," Rose hears Alexia murmur. She barely holds
herself back from crying, "You know her?!"
69 | P a g e
"And what do you intend to gain from all this?" asks Alexia.
"All we want from you is to stand down until the door disappears.
Acting Archbishop Nelson will be coming with us," replies the curvy
woman named Epsilon.
Hearing his name, Nelson begins panicking. "What are you people
planning to do to the Sanctuary?"
"It's not a question of what we're planning on doing but what we
expect to find. Do as we say, and nobody needs to get hurt." Epsilon
holds Rose and Alexia at bay with her gaze alone. Her eyes are like
still lakes, and they're focused vigilantly on the two of them.
She's strong, too. Not to the same extent as Alpha, but she has that
intensity to her that only the powerful possess.
That said, if it came down to it...
"If you so much as move, what happens to her will be on your
heads." Epsilon clearly senses their hostility. She's looking straight at
Natsume, who's been captured by one of the women in black.
"I-I'm so sorry..." Natsume casts her gaze down apologetically.
"Miss Natsume...!!"
Seeing Natsume choking back tears, Rose feels her chest tighten.
Their ability to fight back has been neutralized...or so she thinks.
"We could just abandon her," suggests Alexia quietly enough that
only Rose can hear.
"Absolutely not." Rose's veto is firm.
"Honestly, we'd be better off. I don't trust her."
"Absolutely not, I said."
As the two of them argue back and forth, the door to the Sanctuary
stops opening. This time, it's swinging shut.
70 | P a g e
Slowly but surely, it closes.
The group in black enter the door one after another, dragging
Natsume and Acting Archbishop Nelson along with them.
Rose and Alexia can do nothing but stand by and watch.
Their foes show no openings.
Not only are the members of the group in black all powerful on their
own, they're also working together in perfect harmony. By moving in
three-woman units, they're able to cover one another's backs. Even
if Alexia and Rose found a chink in their armor, it's clear their
adversaries would seal it immediately. The group's teamwork is
polished to a sheen.
The door keeps closing.
"No! Please! Don't hurt me!" As she's being shoved through the
door, Natsume lets out a pained cry.
"Miss Natsume!!"
"I-I'll be fine! Please don't worry about me!" Natsume bravely calls
out, her voice trembling, as she's dragged through the portal.
Rose watches her go with tears in her eyes.
She hears someone mutter, "Fishy, fishy, fishy," but chooses to
ignore it.
The last ones to move are Epsilon and Nelson, bound.
After glancing around to make sure everything looks normal, Epsilon
makes for the door with her captive in tow.
But he resists, distracting Epsilon momentarily.
It happens in a flash.
A dark shadow swoops down and cleaves through Epsilon.
"Excellent work, Executioner Venom!!" Nelson booms with a laugh.
71 | P a g e
As Epsilon watches herself get cut, her concentration is at its peak.
Although she was taken completely by surprise, her skills are
sharpened to the point where she's able to bend her torso backward
to evade the blow. However, this movement gives birth to tragedy.
Epsilon's life flashes before her eyes.
She remembers being an elf of noble bearing, becoming a
"possessed," and being cast aside and hunted by her people.
Then, she remembers the day her life began anew.
On that fateful day when Shadow rescued her, everything Epsilon
thought she knew crumbled around her, and her life received new
meaning.
From childhood, Epsilon was strong-willed. She never once doubted
her exceptionality, and her personality was such that she couldn't
help but show off her talents.
She came from a well-off family, and her beauty, brains, and martial
arts talent were all the pinnacle of her generation.
Though she had an abundance of pride, she always had the skills to
back it up.
Perhaps that was the reason.
The day she became one of the possessed, the moment she lost
everything, she was stricken with profound grief.
She'd lost her reason to live, but she didn't have the courage to die,
either.
On that day, as she dragged her rotting flesh along a mountain trail,
Shadow appeared before her.
"Do you seek power...?"
72 | P a g e
His voice had been deep, as though it were echoing from a
bottomless abyss.
Epsilon's mind was fuzzy, and she thought that perhaps she'd
stumbled upon a demon.
But she desired power all the same.
With power, she could take revenge on all those who'd forsaken her.
She could torture them to death. Make them regret what they'd
done to her.
"Then I shall grant it to you..."
And with that, she found herself enveloped in soft magic with a blueviolet hue.
Even now, she'd never once forgotten its light or its warmth.
The warm, healing light felt almost nostalgic, and before Epsilon
noticed it, she'd started crying.
That day, Epsilon had been weak, ugly, and pathetic. Yet Shadow had
saved her anyway.
"If you wish to descend into madness amid a world of lies, then do
so. However, if you wish to see the world's true face...then follow
me."
And Epsilon chased after him.
After losing everything, she'd been hideous. But once he saved that
version of her, she felt as though he'd acknowledged her true self.
She didn't need class.
Neither did she need beauty nor pride in her talents.
There were other things that were more important.
After discovering the world's true nature and meeting her four
predecessors, though, she amended that assessment.
73 | P a g e
It was true: She had no need for her heritage, but talent was
essential.
And her prized combat skills had her ranked second from the
bottom.
Furthermore, the slots above her were occupied by monsters and
flawless superhumans she had no chance of surpassing.
The intellect she regarded so highly was second from the bottom as
well.
The geniuses before her had shattered her confidence.
Even when it came to being well-rounded, she was beaten by perfect
specimens and human machines who never made mistakes.
At this rate, there would be nowhere left for her to excel.
Except beauty.
For Epsilon, her looks were essential. Her beloved master was a man,
after all.
When she evaluated her attractiveness objectively, she realized she
was heading into an uphill battle.
If faces were the only relevant criteria, Epsilon didn't have anything
to be worried about, but she had to consider the future. The fact of
the matter was, the women from her family had categorically been
cursed with small, flat chests.
Just as men lament their forefathers' hairlines, so, too, did Epsilon
lament her chest lineage. She knew if things kept going as they were,
the day would inevitably come when she suffered a crushing defeat.
And so, when Epsilon encountered a certain thing for the first time,
she felt like she'd been struck by lightning.
The slime bodysuit.
74 | P a g e
It took but a glance for her to realize the possibilities contained
within it, and her heart instantly belonged to the suit.
Although she normally hung on Shadow's every word, she didn't pay
a lick of attention when he was explaining the slime bodysuit to her.
She couldn't take her eyes off it.
She realized something.
She could push those puppies up.
It only took her three days before she could control the slime
bodysuit as she pleased.
From that day forth, she wore the slime bodysuit everywhere under
the pretext of practicing her control over it, and bit by bit, she added
volume to her chest.
The progress went little by little, so as not to arouse suspicion, but a
smidgen audaciously, because she was, after all, a growing girl.
Once they'd gotten reasonably large, though, she noticed something.
They felt wrong to the touch.
At the end of the day, slime was still slime. Her boobs felt different
from the real thing, and the way they moved wasn't quite right,
either. From that day forward, Epsilon observed Beta as though
performing reconnaissance on an enemy, and a few days later, she
was able to perfectly control her slime to replicate the jiggle and feel
of the real deal.
By this point, Epsilon's control over her magic had far surpassed even
Alpha's.
Though the others acknowledged her superiority and dubbed her
Epsilon the Faithful, she had long since stopped caring about that.
Instead, she observed Beta with a discerning eye, trembling all the
while.
75 | P a g e
How did hers keep growing?!
This called for war: a battle without honor or humanity between the
natural and the artificial.
In the end, Epsilon padded some more and eventually emerged
victorious. Mankind is a beast that consistently triumphs over the
horrors of nature.
However, the price for that victory was steep.
On that day, as Epsilon saw her reflection in a mirror and lost the
small shred of pride she'd regained, she realized something.
Her proportions were off.
Much to her dismay, her build was petite and dainty.
However, Epsilon set her mind to work and eventually came up with
a solution.
All she needed to do to balance her figure was to make her butt
bigger, too.
In the end, though, she didn't just stop at the butt, which she used
slime to reshape. She tightened up and corseted her belly. She used
slime insoles to lengthen her legs and attain the best proportions.
She... It would take forever to list out all the little things.
In short, she used the slime bodysuit to obtain the perfect figure.
It had taken incalculable effort, being constantly on guard without
anyone knowing, and in the process, she developed the presence of
a detestably worthy rival.
More than anything, though, it had been a display of her feelings for
her beloved master.
Epsilon's precision was nothing more than a byproduct of that labor.
Her true power was the amazing physical protection her many layers
of slime padding provided.
76 | P a g e
The flashback ends.
The swooping shadow brings down its blade.
When it does, the crystallization of all of Epsilon's hard work is
lopped off.
The two softest lumps of the slime bodysuit fly into the air.
In that moment, Epsilon awakens.
This can't be happening here...
No...!
She refuses to be exposed for her shiiiiiiiiiit!!
By manipulating the dregs of magic left in the two flying lumps,
Epsilon forces them to retain their shape.
To the trained eye, her ability to manipulate magic once it's left her
body is enough to take one's breath away.
At the same time, she yanks that magic back to her, instantly
adhering the blobs back to their original position.
Maintaining that level of inch-perfect control in the blink of an eye—
it's nothing short of superhuman.
As a final touch, she makes them jiggle just the way real breasts
would. Such is the power of Epsilon the Faithful.
"Excellent work, Executioner Venom... Hmm?" Nelson takes another
look at Epsilon.
She was supposed to have been in bloody pieces, yet she's standing
there without a scratch on her.
In fact, quite the contrary.
"See anything...?!"
"Huh...?"
77 | P a g e
What's with that terrifying intensity of hers?!
Nelson's knees start to rattle.
"Did you...see anything?"
"Ahhh... N-no! Nothing...!"
"What about you two?" Epsilon's question is directed at Rose and
Alexia. They both shake their heads.
"Good. Now come."
Epsilon grabs Nelson by the scruff of his neck and drags him off.
"Ahhh! What are you doing, Executioner Venom?! Hurry up and save
me!!"
"If you want the Executioner..." Epsilon leans in and talks straight
into Nelson's ear. "...I already killed him."
The Executioner's head thuds onto the ground.
***
With Nelson in tow, Epsilon vanishes behind the door.
It's almost shut.
The moment before it can close, one more person rushes forward.
"Alexia?!"
Ignoring Rose's admonition, she slips inside the gap.
"Oh, heavens!"
Rose dashes after her and tumbles inside. Immediately afterward,
the door clicks closed.
It then vanishes, leaving behind a faint afterglow.
78 | P a g e
"Ack?!"
Rose lands atop something strangely soft.
Shaking her head and sitting up, she discovers there are two women
pinned beneath her.
"Oh, I'm so sorry."
"Rose, will you please get off me as soon as humanly possible?"
"Princess Alexia, I would ask you to avoid touching me."
The women in question are Alexia and Natsume, both of whom are
glaring at each other despite their predicament.
The moment Rose stands, the two of them instantly separate and
look away from each other.
Realizing the pair are on bad terms makes Rose feel worse.
"You really shouldn't fight... Oh." After calling out to them, Rose
finally realizes that people are staring at her.
They're occupying a space that's dim and drafty, surrounded on all
sides by women in black. Alpha, Epsilon, and the captured Nelson
number among them.
"Um, well...you see..." Rose raises her arms, realizing that fighting
will get her nowhere. She forces a smile in an attempt to
demonstrate she's not hostile.
Beside her, Natsume is cowering pitiably. When Rose decides she
needs to take action, Alexia steps forward.
"I'm so sorry. We tripped and fell. And when we did, why—there was
a door right there. It really wasn't our fault."
It's in that moment Rose learns that having no shame can be
persuasive in its own right.
79 | P a g e
Alexia is obviously lying, but nobody can bring themselves to expend
the effort calling her out on it, especially since she's speaking with
the haughty attitude of a demon lord who's conquered the world.
Whatever. Let's just let her have it, they all think as they look at her.
"If you agree to behave, you can do as you please. In fact, you
probably have a right to know a few things," says Alpha, shooting a
glance Alexia's way. Then, on her orders, the group in black fans out.
"Hooray!" says Alexia as she quietly pumps her fist.
The only ones left are Alpha, Nelson, Rose, Alexia, Natsume, and one
other unidentified woman in black. She isn't Epsilon, though.
"What do you people intend to do here?" Still bound by the woman
in black, Nelson glares at Alpha.
Beneath her mask, the elf smiles. "It's said the great hero Olivier
once cut off the left arm of Diablos the demon and sealed it away
here."
"And? What? Have you come looking for the arm?" Nelson laughs.
"That sounds fun, but...that isn't what we're here to find out. We
want to learn more about the Cult of Diablos."
Alexia visibly flinches at the mention of the organization. Rose casts a
sidelong glance at her and sees her gaze has gone steely.
"What are you talking about...?"
"I knew you wouldn't be able to tell us anything. That's why we had
to come see for ourselves, why we had to come searching for the
truth—concealed from the very beginning within the shadows of
history." Alpha turns around, then begins walking toward a large
stone statue. Her heels echo throughout the spacious chamber. "A
statue of the great hero Olivier, I see."
80 | P a g e
Upon hearing Alpha, Rose cocks her head to the side. "Olivier...? Isn't
he supposed to be a man?"
She's right—Alpha had referred to a statue of a woman holding a
holy sword aloft. She is beautiful, with the fierce divinity of a
Valkyrie.
"We have a general understanding of what happened. However,
there is still some uncertainty: the historical truths, the real objective
of the Cult, and"—Alpha reaches out toward the statue and gently
strokes its face—"why Olivier's face is identical to mine."
Alpha turns around. The mask that was covering her face is gone.
"You're an elf...?" someone murmurs. It's unclear who.
However, as their breath is collectively taken away by her beauty,
they all realize something. Alpha's face looks like the mirror
reflection of Olivier's.
"Impossible! You're that elf who... But the possession should have
killed you..."
"See? You know what I'm talking about after all."
"...!" Nelson quickly shuts up.
"We know the truth about the possessed, too. For a cult that wants
to control society, that must be quite the thorn in your side, no?"
Nelson looks down, refusing to answer.
Rose can't make heads or tails of their conversation. However, it
looks like Alexia is picking up on a bit, and the things Alpha is saying
certainly don't sound like nonsense.
It's hard to believe these two powerful organizations are dabbling in
archaeology just because. There must be some important reason.
The Shadow Garden must have an agenda, and the Cult of Diablos
must have one of their own.
81 | P a g e
The recent attack on her school immediately floats to the front of
Rose's mind. There's no way that's unrelated to all this.
A war between two powerful organizations is unfolding in the
shadows. Rose shivers at this realization.
If their conflict becomes more intense, Rose strongly doubts the
uninformed government officials will be able to deal with it.
"We'd suspected the Cult's objective isn't as simple as just
resurrecting a demon. However, we aren't certain. That's why we
came to see for ourselves." As she speaks, Alpha channels magic into
the statue. As her magic surges, the very air starts vibrating.
"...You are one of the possessed. Your powers. Did you awaken on
your own...?"
When Rose sees the exceptional quantity of magic at work, a chill
runs down her spine. If that woman were to turn her power against
the nation, it would take an inordinate amount of military resources
to stop her.
"There was a great battle here in the past. The hero sealed away the
demon, and many valorous lives were lost. Afterward, the demon's
and the warriors' magic twisted together, trapping all the memories
that had lost their destinations. This land is a resting place for those
ancient memories and that demon's wrath. A graveyard."
The statue begins glowing, reacting to the magic. Ancient letters rise
to its surface, and colors start spreading across it.
"Olivier, our great hero, I knew you would answer my call."
And there stands Olivier, the spitting image of Alpha.
"Impossible... This can't be..." Nelson's legs tremble.
Olivier turns her back to them and begins walking. Her destination
fills with light, and before long, it illuminates the entire area.
82 | P a g e
"Now, then. Let's take a little journey to the world of fairy tales."
Alpha's voice is the last thing they hear before the world floods with
light.
Upon defeating Violet, I sprinted away from my pursuers, fled
Lindwurm entirely, and took refuge in the mountains. Just to be safe.
After deciding the coast is probably clear, I return to my normal
getup and let out a sigh of relief.
Looks like I managed to pull it off somehow. Back at the stadium, the
only thing anyone's talking about has to be Shadow the mysterious
badass. That nobody from the Academy for Dark Knights must be
long erased from the public imagination.
I pulled out all the stops today, so I think I'll just head back, take a dip
in the hot springs, and go to bed. Just as I stand up to leave, though,
a weird door suddenly appears right in front of me.
A dirty door is just floating out in the middle of the mountains. Huh.
And it's covered in dark stains. Clearly dried blood.
"What's that?"
This is dodgy in the extreme. Even I know better than to mess with
this.
I turn on my heel.
"Hey!"
I turn around again.
"No way."
I leap back.
"Are you for real?"
83 | P a g e
The door is following me...with a vengeance!
It doesn't matter how far I get from it. It doesn't matter which way I
turn. It doesn't matter if I do a hundred backflips in a row. The door
keeps appearing in front of me.
I guess that only leaves one choice.
"Time to slice 'n' dice."
As soon as that leaves my mouth, I draw my sword and cleave the
door in twain.
But...the moment I bisect it, it's back to normal.
I put my katana away and think.
Obviously, I can't head back to town with this seedy-looking door in
tow. It would stick out like a sore thumb.
And what even is this thing? I don't sense anyone else around, so I
doubt it's some kind of weird prank. And there isn't anything behind
it.
"Is it, like, their version of D—remon's Anyw—ere Door?"
This door is acting pretty desperate, so if I go in, I imagine this will all
get resolved. I really just want to go soak in the hot spring and call it
a day, though.
I give it thirty seconds of earnest thought, then come to a decision.
Fine. Whatever. Let's get this over with.
When I open the door up, I'm greeted by a dark abyss that makes me
feel like I'm gonna get sucked in. Praying this isn't that trope where I
die the moment I enter, I take the leap.
I find myself in a room built of stone.
It's pretty barren. There's just a door and a woman bound to the
wall. Oh, hey, it's Violet.
84 | P a g e
"'Sup," I say to her. She looks at me, and her eyes go wide in
surprise.
"...'Sup," she eventually mimics. "Short time no see."
"Uh-huh. Hey, are you the one who called me here?"
"'Called'...? I certainly didn't intend to do that. I did rather enjoy
myself back there, though."
"Yeah. Me, too."
"My memories are incomplete, but I'm certain you're the strongest
one in them. If only you'd been around back during my era..."
"I'm honored."
"So what are you doing here?" She looks at me quizzically.
"A door showed up out of nowhere, I went in, and here I am."
"I'm not sure I follow."
"Yeah, me neither. By the way, do you know any way out of here?"
"I'm not certain. I don't have any memories of ever leaving."
"You just came and fought me, though."
"I was there when I came to. It's the first time that's ever happened
to me. As far as I can remember, that is."
"Oh, huh. Well, that's a bummer."
I rack my brain trying to figure out what to do.
There is a door, I suppose, but right as I decide to try going through
it, Violet calls out to me with her lips pursed.
"There's a beautiful woman bound before your very eyes," she says.
I look at her and, seeing her limbs strung up to a crucifix, nod.
"Yup."
85 | P a g e
"Would you please help me down for starters?"
I tilt my head to the side a little, realizing I've been misinterpreting
things.
"Oh, my bad. I figured you were training."
"Why?"
"That's how I used to train."
"...How novel."
I take out my school-issued sword and free Violet from her restraints.
Using my slime sword isn't an option.
She stretches elatedly, a nostalgic smile crossing her face. "Thank
you. It's been a thousand years or so since I felt this free."
"Really?"
"Basically. I don't recall exactly, but it's been at least that long."
After smoothing out her thin robe, Violet tucks her silky black hair
behind her right ear. I guess that's how she likes to wear it.
"Now then, let's agree on our objectives," she starts, seemingly
unruffled.
"Huh?"
"Mine is freedom, yours is escape. Am I correct?"
"Yup, sounds right to me."
"Shall we work together, then?"
"I'm down, but do you actually know a way out?"
"I don't. I do, however, know a way to get free. The Sanctuary is a
prison for memories, and there's a magical core at its center. If we
destroy it, I'll be freed."
"Just you?"
86 | P a g e
She looks at me from the corner of her eye, smiling coquettishly.
"Everything. And you should be able to leave."
"Won't that destroy the Sanctuary?"
"Oh, I certainly hope so. Do you mind?"
I turn Violet's question over in my head. "Now that I think about it, I
guess not. Sounds good."
"Then it's decided. I imagine you've noticed already, but we can't use
magic here. We're close to the center of the Sanctuary. If we try to
practice magic, it'll immediately be sucked into its core."
"Looks that way."
It's stronger than the doodad the terrorists used when they attacked.
When I try to fire my magic up, it immediately vanishes. I'm testing a
bunch of different options, but it might take me a while to find a
loophole.
"Don't worry. I'm great at breaking stuff."
"Love that I can depend on you. Incidentally, without my magic, I'm
nothing but a delicate maiden. I always wanted to be protected by a
gallant knight."
This smile is just as impish as the last. For a self-proclaimed delicate
maiden, she sure seems calm about all this.
She takes the lead, throwing the door open without hesitation.
"By the way, what'll happen to you once you're free?" I ask Violet
from behind.
"I'll disappear. I'm nothing but a memory, after all."
She doesn't turn to look back.
87 | P a g e
On the other side of the door is a sunlit forest. Light streams
between gaps in the trees, and beads of morning dew glisten on the
grass.
This place doesn't seem familiar, so I glance around, taking in my
surroundings.
"We're inside a memory," Violet explains.
"One of yours?"
"I think I remember something like this."
And with that, she strides forward. I follow her so as not to get left
behind.
After advancing through the quiet forest for a little while, we
suddenly reach a clearing. Within it, a small girl is sitting on the
ground clutching her knees, lit by the morning sun.
The girl's hair is black.
"It looks like she's crying," I observe.
"So it does."
The two of us approach her.
When I crouch down and look at her face, I find tears streaming from
her violet eyes.
"She looks just like you."
"A coincidence, I'm sure."
"Why is she crying?"
"Maybe she wet herself," offers Violet unhelpfully.
The girl silently continues weeping. Her body is covered in bruises.
"So what do we do?"
"If we want to keep going, we need to end the memory."
88 | P a g e
"What do you mean?"
Violet yanks the crying child up by the face.
"Crying won't do you any good," she snaps, slapping the girl across
the cheek.
"That's awful."
"It's fine. It's me, after all."
"So you admit it."
The world rends apart. The sunlit forest shatters into tiny pieces like
a fractured mirror, then vanishes into the abyss.
Empty darkness surrounds us.
I can faintly make Violet out in it.
"Let's continue."
"Got it."
We advance through the void in the direction our magic is being
siphoned.
It's the only sensation we have to go on.
I can barely feel the ground beneath my feet, and I can't even tell
which way is up anymore. To test it out, I try walking upside down.
It's kinda like a handstand: feet up, head down.
It works.
Violet casts a lazy glance at me.
"Don't go peeking under my skirt now."
"Worry not. I can't see a thing."
After proceeding a little farther, we're engulfed in vermilion light.
"Ow!"
89 | P a g e
I practically crack my skull, but I manage to break the fall at the last
minute.
"This is what you get for goofing around." Violet looks down at me
sprawled on the ground, then extends her hand my way.
"Thanks." I grab her cold hand and haul myself back to my feet.
We're standing on a battlefield flush with the light of the evening
sun, which is bloodred and shining just above the horizon line.
"They're all dead."
The land is covered with fallen soldiers and stained dark with their
blood. The corpses continue all the way to the horizon.
"Let's be on our way."
Violet begins walking, almost as though she has a destination in
mind.
There are bodies everywhere.
As we're forced to trample over them, dusk descends on the scene.
I dream about a chance to cut loose on a big battlefield like this one.
After walking a little while, we reach the center of the field and find a
blood-drenched girl in tears. We stop in front of her.
She's kneeling atop the corpses and weeping.
Even without seeing her face, I can tell it's Violet.
"You're crying again."
"I was a crybaby. Lend me your sword."
"Here you go."
I hand it to Violet.
90 | P a g e
She stands before the girl, sword at the ready. Her face is
expressionless, and it looks almost as though she's driving her
emotions away.
Then, she brings down the blade.
At that moment, I lunge.
I grab Violet by the waist and drag her backward.
"Was that...a corpse?!"
Sounds like she noticed it, too.
One of the soldiers' corpses got up and tried to cut her down. If I
hadn't acted fast, it would have had her.
"The Sanctuary is rejecting it, hmm...? How troublesome."
"You mean, like antivirus software going after malware?" I ask as I
kick away the zombies.
"I'm afraid I don't follow."
"Yeah, sorry. I don't really know how they work, either. By the way,
what happens to you if you die here?"
"I imagine I'll be back in chains in the room where you found me."
"That would be annoying. How good are you with a sword?"
"I can muddle through."
"Sounds like it'd be easier if I just took it."
Violet returns my sword, and I slash at a nearby soldier.
I cut him in half with a single strike, but more and more of them keep
getting up and surrounding us. I quickly give up on eradicating them
and instead choose to charge forward and break their ranks.
Violet stomps one of the downed zombies beneath her heel.
"Looks like you're struggling without magic," I comment.
91 | P a g e
"I think I told you I'm just a dainty girl. You seem to be doing okay."
"Like I said: Don't worry."
I swing my sword in a wide sweep and slice apart an onrushing
zombie.
"I've been able to use magic since I was a baby, so I restructured
myself as I grew. My body is the optimal shape for combat. My
muscles, my nerves, my bones... I used magic to manipulate them all
into their best shapes."
I take out three in one swing, then, with a kick, blast away another
attacking me from the side.
Individually, each zombie is slow. There's a bunch of them, but I can
more or less mow them down.
"How unfair. You're like an adult beating up children."
"I'd rather you make me sound a little cooler than that."
"If they held a tournament where no one could use magic, I'm sure
you'd emerge the victor."
"I'll take it," I say, but if I have to keep fighting like this, my body's
gonna reach its limit at some point or another. The crowd of zombies
stretches all the way to the horizon. Taking them out without magic
is gonna be impossible.
Man, if only I could use magic and go hog wild.
I force my way into the throng, running the crying girl through.
"Sorry."
Blood pours from her mouth, and as Violet and I are swallowed up by
the horde, the world splinters once more.
As the landscape shatters, the two of us find ourselves back in the
darkness.
92 | P a g e
"You good?"
"Thanks to you," Violet responds as I sheathe my sword.
We start walking through the void again until we're eventually
engulfed in light.
We've finally reached the center of the Sanctuary.
When Alexia comes to her senses, she finds herself standing in a
white corridor. It seems to stretch on forever; at least, she can't
make out where it ends. The walls are lined with rooms like prisons,
covered up by iron bars.
There don't seem to be any lights, but the corridor is bright all the
same. It all feels very real and yet disorienting, like a dream.
Olivier takes point and begins walking. Alpha follows right after her,
and the rest hurry to not be left behind.
The hero starts off a beautiful adult elf but grows younger with each
step she takes, and before long, she looks like a little girl. The young
hero slips through the iron bars and crouches down within one of the
cells.
"Children without relatives used to be rounded up." Alpha's voice
echoes through the endless white corridor.
Then she walks on.
At some point, the cells became populated with young children. Boys
and girls, humans, elves, and therianthropes—that is, hybrid
beasts—are all caged up. They don't seem to share any
commonalities besides their age.
"Here, they were subjected to an experiment." Alpha stops in front
of one cell in particular.
93 | P a g e
Inside is a girl. She seems to have lost her sanity, raging within her
cage as if she's in pain. She's banging her head, scratching at the
walls, and rolling around on the floor.
Alpha keeps moving.
The girl in the next cell is covered in blood, but not all the damage
appears to be self-inflicted. Her body seems to have undergone
some bizarre change, causing her skin to tear and drench her body
with blood.
Alexia recognizes that blackened, rotting flesh.
"She's one of the possessed...," someone murmurs.
"Most of the children died, unable to adjust to it."
Alpha resumes walking.
The next cell is unoccupied. The only things of note are the
bloodstains coating the walls and floor and the handprints of
someone plainly pleading for help.
Alpha just keeps going, unfazed.
The rest of the cells tell the same story: children suffering and dying.
"This is horrible..." Rose gasps, covering her mouth. Alexia silently
agrees.
There is one pattern to their deaths. The girls' bodies are falling
victim to the possession, but the boys' aren't.
"The only ones able to adapt were a handful of the girls."
Then Alpha stops.
The cell before her houses a slightly older Olivier. She bears no
injuries and doesn't seem to be in pain. She's just sitting motionless,
clutching her knees and staring at the opposite cell.
94 | P a g e
That cage, on the other hand, is covered in blood. The next moment,
however, it's as clean as though it had just undergone a scene
change, and there's a girl inside. She suffers, then dies. Another girl
appears shortly thereafter.
The young Olivier just keeps watching.
"Why are they doing something so dreadful...?" asks Rose, her voice
trembling.
"Care to answer, Acting Archbishop Nelson?" Alpha turns to the man
in question.
After turning his head away and faltering for a moment, Nelson
quietly speaks. "They needed the power to stand up to Diablos..."
"Or so the Cult claims. Regardless of the truth, though, it's fact that
Olivier cut off Diablos's left arm. She was one of the few children
who could adapt to it," says Alpha as she proceeds.
"What is this 'it' you keep mentioning?"
At Alexia's question, Alpha stops for a second to answer. "Diablos
cells. That's what we call them, at least. In order to fight Diablos,
they decided to try stealing his power."
95 | P a g e
96 | P a g e
"Steal his power...? That wasn't just a fairy tale?"
"We haven't seen it for ourselves. That's how history has recorded it.
If you want to think of it as a fairy tale, that's your choice." Alpha
starts walking again. "After all this time, there isn't much point
debating the veracity of ancient history. We can't even know if these
memories are all true. After all, they fade with time, reshaping
themselves to fit their owner's narrative."
They pass by caged room after caged room.
As they trudge farther down the corridor, they find more empty cells.
Olivier ages, eventually growing into a lovely young woman. Her face
really does resemble Alpha's.
"After she grew older and obtained Diablos's power, Olivier was
given a mission."
"Slaying Diablos...?" Rose tries to confirm. Alpha shakes her head.
"That's how the history books tell it, but we suspect that's a lie. In all
likelihood, Olivier was tasked with harvesting more Diablos cells."
"That's bullshit!" booms Nelson. He glares at Alpha, his face flushed.
The woman in black hoists him up by the scruff of his neck, and he
lets out a frog-like croak.
"Even after she grew powerful, Olivier still obeyed the Cult. It's
unclear why, but we suspect it's because she truly believed that
defeating Diablos would bring about peace. That's why she was
cooperating with the Cult."
Olivier leaves her caged prison.
After putting on a suit of armor and strapping a sword to her back,
she sets out on a journey. Seeing Olivier's face, Alexia finds herself
agreeing with Alpha's assessment.
Olivier must truly have wanted the world to be at peace. Her
expression is one of hope and resolve.
97 | P a g e
As she walks down the endless white corridor, her destination
becomes flooded with a blinding light.
"But that wasn't what the Cult was after."
Then, the beam drowns out the world.
"The Cult wanted to take all the power for their own..."
The illuminated reality cracks like the surface of a mirror, then
shatters into tiny fragments and reveals a new world in its place.
They are on a battlefield, but there are no soldiers.
The landscape is steeped in twilight and littered with corpses, and a
group of men in white robes are crowded around a black lump.
Olivier is nowhere to be found.
Alexia and the others follow Alpha and draw nearer.
"What is that...?" Rose asks under her breath.
The lump in question is a massive arm. It's a monster's arm—black,
thick, and horrifically engorged. Chunks of torn flesh hang off its
massive nails.
"Diablos's left arm. Severed but still alive."
Just as Alpha said, the arm still lives.
One of the men in white robes accidentally steps too close and finds
himself fatally run through by one of its nails. Even though it's pinned
down by chains and stakes, the arm is still pumping out massive
amounts of magic.
"Using a high-grade artifact, the Cult was successful in sealing the
arm away. However, their seal was imperfect, and its distortions
eventually gave birth to the Sanctuary. But, well, that's a whole other
story. The Cult was after the incredible life energy contained within
Diablos cells."
98 | P a g e
A robed man draws blood and slices away skin from the sealed arm.
After a little while, the extracted blood and skin regenerate
completely.
"Thanks to their research on Diablos's arm, the Cult was able to
develop medicine that strengthened humans. It still had side effects,
but unlike before, it was effective on men now as well."
Alpha draws a pill from between her breasts, then flicks it with her
nail.
After arcing through the air, it lands on the ground and knocks
against Nelson's shoe. The pill is red, and Alexia recognizes it as a
kind she's seen before.
"The Cult has used these to support their endeavors, but the source
of their true strength lies elsewhere. After sealing Diablos's flesh
away and experimenting on it for ages, they were able to come up
with another drug."
The scene changes.
Now they're in a white laboratory. Men in white robes are crowding
around a desk, waiting anxiously.
Finally, a single drop of something falls into a small bowl.
"That shiny red liquid is said to be akin to Diablos's own blood."
The liquid does, in fact, resemble blood and emits a vibrant red glow.
The men celebrate and cheer, and their representative imbibes it.
"By consuming that liquid, one gains tremendous power...and an
eternally youthful body. It seems our hypothesis was right on the
mark."
Alpha's gaze shifts to Nelson. He silently looks down, trying to hide
his face.
99 | P a g e
"Now then, does anyone here think the robed man over there"—she
points to the man in white at the end of the group—"looks a little
like our friend Nelson?"
"...That can't be!" cries Alexia. She looks at Nelson's face.
But Alpha is right. Nelson's face is a perfect match for that of the
man robed in white. They're more than similar—the two are
undoubtedly one and the same.
"Would you please tell us the name of this marvelous drug of
yours?"
"...Beads of Diablos," Nelson mutters.
"Why, thank you. However, these droplets were imperfect. They had
two major flaws."
Alexia has already picked up on one of them. In the present, Nelson
is bald. But the Nelson of the past...
"Acting Archbishop Nelson used to have hair. It looks like 'eternal
youth' has some drawbacks." Alexia laughs.
"That's not it," Alpha rebuts her.
Nelson agrees. "Stress made my hair fall out."
"I'm sorry," apologizes Alexia.
"The first of the two major flaws is that the pills have to be taken at
regular intervals or the effect wears off. Am I wrong?"
"Once a year, yes."
"I suspected as much. And the second is that only a tiny number of
them can be produced at a time."
"That's right. Twelve a year."
"Twelve? That reminds me, aren't there twelve members in the
Knights of Rounds?"
100 | P a g e
"Heh..." Still hanging his head, Nelson laughs.
"There are twelve knights in the Cult called the Knights of Rounds
who have powers far beyond those of its other members. Everyone
in the Cult hopes to join the Rounds, seeking the power and eternal
life that accompany the title. Isn't that right?"
Nelson lets out a throaty laugh.
"The Cult devotes resources to perfecting these droplets. The key to
doing so lies in the descendants who've inherited the blood that runs
through Diablos's sealed body and the heroes. People like me.
People who've inherited a strong concentration of Olivier's blood."
"Precisely. I am Nelson the Avaricious, the eleventh member of the
Knights of Rounds."
When Nelson lifts his head, his eyes are glowing red.
Sensing a surge of magic, Alexia readies her guard.
That's when a jet-black blade runs through Nelson's heart. In the
blink of an eye, the woman who'd been restraining him has mowed
him down.
Nelson's body goes limp and collapses to the ground.
"Sorry, Alpha. Thought it'd be best if I hunted him." Her voice sounds
somewhat listless.
"Delta..."
"I'm good at hunting. Back at the mountain with the boars, I—"
"Shut up."
Delta glances around, realizes she messed up, and covers her mouth.
"Now, take a better look at your prey."
Nelson's corpse is cracking apart. It crumbles from the ends, then
vanishes into nothingness.
101 | P a g e
That's not how people are supposed to die.
It almost looked like a mirror shattering...
"He's coming," warns Alpha.
Delta's reaction is simultaneous.
The moment before the longsword can cleave her in two, Delta
drops to the ground.
Then, as the blast wave reaches all the way to Alexia, Delta leaps up
like a beast.
Her fangs and the sword cross paths.
"What are you, an animal...?"
"I'm good at hunting," Delta responds to Nelson's query with a
bestial laugh.
Her large fangs drip with blood, and Nelson's cheek is torn. However,
he seems unconcerned as he wipes the blood from his face. The
wound has already healed.
Delta extends her ebony katana out as she drops into an animallike
stoop.
She's immediately interrupted.
"Delta. Wait."
Hearing Alpha's voice, she twitches in surprise.
"Your ears are showing."
"Ah...!"
Delta's animal ears are sticking out from an opening in her bodysuit.
She frantically tries to hide them, but her pale buttocks end up
exposed when she does, revealing her wagging tail.
"A therianthrope...," murmurs Rose.
102 | P a g e
"Hey, um, Alpha, I feel like my magic is being sucked away."
"That's because we're close to the Sanctuary's center."
The one who replies to Delta's question is Nelson.
"The Sanctuary is our territory. The closer you get to it, the more
power you'll lose." His voice cracks. At some point, his body split into
two, but before they know it, he's back to one again. "I'd hoped to
get you all a little closer to the core, but...this will be plenty. Now,
allow me to introduce myself again."
As he effortlessly balances a longsword as tall as he is on his
shoulder, Nelson gives a small bow.
"I am Nelson the Avaricious, the eleventh member of the Knights of
Rounds. You will regret baring your fangs against the Cult."
There are no vestiges of a clergyman in his expression. His face is
that of a savage warrior.
The scene changes.
They're now in a space that's endlessly white. The sky, the ground,
and even the area beyond the horizon line are all level and blank.
Alpha and Delta square off against Nelson.
Nelson's body flickers, then splits into two.
Still crouching, Delta inches forward and slowly closes the distance
between them.
Alpha's arms, on the other hand, are crossed, and she isn't even
holding her weapon. Instead, she's staring at the two Nelsons,
almost as though she's observing them.
"...Hah!" As Delta exhales, she goes on the offensive.
103 | P a g e
From the way she's stooped over low, she looks like an animal
dashing along the ground.
Then, barreling forward, she swings her ebony katana in a wide
sweep.
The katana in question is far longer than a person is tall, and her
attack has no technique or craft behind it. Just pure, unbridled
violence.
Wind follows the force of the impact.
The destructive wave strikes Nelson and sends him flying.
He seems to have been able to block the blow, but astonishment is
written all over his face.
"What kind of monster are you...?"
Delta laughs.
She's about to go for a follow-up attack, but at that second, Nelson
lashes out to stop her. As she dashes forward, a longsword bears
down on her from the side.
"One down."
"Wha...?"
As Nelson holds his longsword aloft, an ebony katana bursts through
his face.
At some point, Alpha made her way behind him and cut into his
body. She slices his neck.
There's no sound. No bloodlust. Just Nelson's head toppling through
the air.
Blood gushes from the wound and stains the white ground.
The next moment, though, the corpse shatters like a broken mirror
and vanishes into the ether.
104 | P a g e
"The body felt human—from the way it moved and smelled. Part of
how the Sanctuary protects itself, perhaps?" murmurs Alpha as she
gazes at her sword, from which the blood has completely vanished,
too.
"Precisely." Hiding his astonishment, Nelson stands at the ready. His
body splits into two, then again into four. "It seems I was a bit
careless. Perhaps four will do the trick."
One of them hangs back, and the other three Nelsons charge.
Delta barrels into their midst.
She doesn't care about being outnumbered or that she's at risk of
being surrounded. All she sees is prey.
"So you're just a simple brute...," Nelson chuckles.
Delta laughs, too.
Then, she smashes the frontmost Nelson to pieces, longsword and
all.
However, the other two move to box her in, and they level attacks at
her.
The two longswords slice through the air horizontally, bearing down
on Delta like a pair of scissors closing around her.
With her avenue of retreat cut off, Delta blocks the longsword in
front of her with her katana, then twists her neck to turn her head
backward.
Then...she catches the blade coming up from behind her in her teeth.
When she brings down her canines, the longsword snaps with a dull
ring.
"What...?" Nelson is dumbfounded.
While he's rubbing his eyes, Alpha kills the two of him remaining.
105 | P a g e
"That's impossible..."
Most of Alpha and Delta's magic is supposed to be restrained. With
the power of the Sanctuary, they shouldn't have been able to control
or manipulate it. It should have been impossible for them to put up a
decent fight.
Yet even under these restrictive conditions, they downed several
Nelsons.
It defies all common sense.
"Did the two of you really awaken on your own...? That technique
was supposed to be long lost..."
Alpha replies with a smile.
Delta, on the other hand, seems to be having difficulty controlling
her bodysuit. She grabs the slime with her hands, then manually
stretches it over her breasts and lower body into a simple suit of
bikini armor.
Her face and body are only minimally covered, but Delta nods
regardless, clearly pleased with herself.
"W-well, this is totally what I expected from you..." Nelson's voice
trembles a little. "Come, then—let me show you my true power."
His body multiplies.
This time, the number dwarfs his past displays. There are well over
ten of him, probably close to a hundred.
"So much prey..." Delta grins ecstatically and, sure enough, charges
into the fray.
"You don't even understand you're outnumbered, you stupid
animal?!"
But as Delta and the Nelsons collide, his face twitches.
106 | P a g e
Several of the Nelsons go comically flying through the air.
"HRAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!" Delta howls, which echoes like cruel
laughter.
The slaughter begins.
From a safe distance, Alexia gazes in shock as Delta spins her ebony
katana like an electric fan.
Delta's sword work is unlike Shadow's, and it's different from Alpha's
and Epsilon's.
She has no form or technique, simply unbridled violence. It diverges
from what Alexia considers strength.
It makes her want to ask, Are you really okay with that?
However, the fact of the matter is that Delta is powerful.
Preposterously so.
Alpha joins in as well, and in the blink of an eye, the Nelsons are
exterminated.
"How? How could you do that so easily...?"
"You were a researcher, weren't you?" asks Alpha, sounding oddly
sympathetic. "Even with infinite copies, there's still only one brain.
And humans aren't smart enough to effectively control multiple
bodies at once. By the time you get to a hundred, they're little more
than scarecrows."
Delta slays the final copy. Her tail wags as she strides forward.
"One left...," she snarls.
A brutal smile is glued to her face. For all intents and purposes, she
resembles a bloodthirsty beast.
"Aaah...!" Nelson cries, shrinking back.
107 | P a g e
"It looks like there's a limit to how many copies you can make,"
Alpha says dispassionately as she watches him.
She's right. Nelson doesn't have the strength to produce any more
copies.
And that's why...
...he finds himself calling upon the Sanctuary's final guardian.
"Come to me! And quick...!"
In response to his pathetic plea, the air rips to shreds.
Light spills forth from the opening, then coalesces into the shape of a
woman. A woman who rather resembles Alpha...
"Olivier...," Alpha murmurs.
There stands the great hero. However, there's no strength in her
eyes. They're hollow, like glass beads, and appear sad.
She steps in front of Delta, as though to protect Nelson.
Delta laughs.
Strangely, though, she doesn't charge or inch closer.
She merely surveys her prey through bloodshot eyes, as though
making light of her.
"Olivier, the great hero... So you really are..." Alpha bites down on
her lip.
Delta licks her lips, wiping up her drool.
But then they're interrupted.
"Alpha, we're finished with the investigation!"
A voluptuous woman clad in black appears. For whatever reason,
though, she's a good ways away.
108 | P a g e
"Epsilon... I suppose that means our preliminary survey is over."
Alpha turns around and begins walking.
"A-are you trying to escape...?!" yelps Nelson, audibly relieved.
"We've no interest in taking the life of a weakling. Our objective was
to cut off your power at its source. And now, we're better informed
as to the Sanctuary's defenses. All that remains is to go pry it open."
"Y-you think I'll just let you get away?"
"Oh? Will you indulge us in a wild chase?"
"Eek!" Nelson takes refuge behind Olivier's back.
"Delta, we're leaving... Delta!"
When Alpha grabs Delta by the scruff of her neck, Delta shakes her
off and bares her fangs.
"Grrr!!"
"Excuse me?"
With a start, Delta returns to her senses. "Grrr. I'm sorry..."
"We're going."
"Okay..."
With her ears tucked down and her tail rolled up between her legs,
Delta scampers after Alpha.
"Lady Alpha! Hurry! The exit is this way! Quickly!" Epsilon waves her
hands and repeatedly urges them on. Her two mounds of slime
jiggle.
After everyone has entered the slit of light, led by Epsilon, silence
descends upon the Sanctuary once more.
Nelson sits down and breathes a sigh of relief.
109 | P a g e
"W-well, no matter. Now I know that Alpha woman's face. With her
blood, we'll get even closer to completion. This is all according to
plan," he grunts. "F-first, I should report to the bosses. I can say I
lured them into the Sanctuary, sprung my trap, and discovered
Alpha's true nature."
Describing it like that, he'll be able to cover his ass.
"Then, I'll... Hmm?"
Suddenly, Nelson notices something off about his surroundings.
"Strange... It seems a little mouse has slipped into the center of the
Sanctuary."
He glances around, and a wicked smile curls at his lips.
"Heh, tormenting it will prove a welcome distraction. Come along,
Olivier."
With that, Nelson and Olivier vanish from the scene.
110 | P a g e
111 | P a g e
112 | P a g e
It feels like we're in an archaeological ruin.
There's no longer that dreamlike sensation that permeated all the
places we'd been in up until now, and the cool air brings me back to
reality.
The ceiling is high, and magic illuminates our surroundings.
"This must be the center." Violet turns, surveying the area.
"So what do I need to smash?"
I'm not seeing anything that looks like a magical core. Just a massive
door off to the side.
"It's probably beyond that door." Violet treads atop the stone floor
as she heads for it.
"Makes sense." I follow her.
The door is so big, it could probably let a hundred people through at
once. Okay, maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration.
Anyway, it's still a big-ass door.
It looks old as hell, and its surface is covered in dark bloodstains and
densely packed with ancient letters. Several chains, each link wider
than a human body, are wrapped around it, keeping it sealed.
"We can probably make it through if we cut the chain."
"Seems plausible."
I grab one of the links and give it a yank.
No dice.
"Yeah, that's not happening."
113 | P a g e
I might be strong enough to win a magicless tournament, but tearing
these chains is physically impossible.
And if I try chopping through them with my sword, my weapon will
probably break before the links do.
"You know, there must be a key somewhere," offers Violet.
"Ooh, yeah, checks out."
It takes all of three seconds to find.
There's a pedestal next to the door with some sort of fancy sword
stuck in it.
"This is clearly it."
"It clearly is."
As expected, the pedestal is covered in tiny ancient letters, too.
"This sword should be able to break the chains," says Violet as she
reads the inscription.
But I know better. A sword stuck in a pedestal? This ain't my first
rodeo.
"But I won't be able to draw it out..."
"I beg your pardon...?"
"I know these things..."
With that, I grab the sword by the handle and try pulling it out, but
sure enough, it doesn't budge an inch.
"As I thought... I get it now...," I murmur suggestively. "This blade can
only be drawn by the chosen one..."
"What...?!" Violet cries. She frantically traces over the ancient writing
on the pedestal with her finger.
As she does, I let go of the sword.
114 | P a g e
"The blade...is rejecting me..."
I'm just building up the mood here, upping the ante. I'm pretty sure
it isn't actually rejecting me.
But the fact that the chosen hero is the only one to draw this kind of
sword is just common sense. It's a time-honored plot device.
"Only a hero's direct descendant can draw the holy sword... You're
right, it's all written here. I'm amazed you were able to read that
encrypted magic script so quickly."
"Heh... I know all the devices..."
"Oh, I see. You designed a device that encompasses ways to encode
magical script."
"Yeah, that. Definitely." I nod proudly.
Looks like we've got a holy sword stuck in a pedestal and a sealed
door that only the sword can unlock. It's clichéd, sure, but I love this
kind of setup.
Nice! Now it really feels like I'm in a fantasy world.
"What to do...?" Violet mutters as she sits down on the pedestal.
"Is there another way through?" I ask, taking a seat beside her.
"No leads in writing, in any case."
"Oof."
We think in silence for a little bit. We must each be running through
different scenarios in our minds.
Finally, I speak up. "Do you want to disappear?"
"What?"
"When we destroy the core, I imagine you'll disappear."
115 | P a g e
"Ah, right. But call it liberation. That's more apt." Not looking my
way, Violet smiles.
"What's the difference?"
"This place is a prison, one where memories repeat for eternity.
It...pains me." Her voice almost disappears, like a whisper.
"I see. In that case, let's just wait a little longer."
"Wait for what...?"
"If we take enough time, I should be able to do something about the
door. Before that...looks like we have guests."
A sliver of light has appeared in front of the door, gradually
widening, until eventually a bald geezer and a cute elf emerge.
"Huh...?"
"What's the matter?"
"Nothing. That elf just kinda looks like a friend."
However, she's definitely someone else. Her bone structure is
different, as are her mannerisms and gait.
"Ah... So you brought along Aurora," Baldy says as he looks at Violet.
The two of us engage in a surreptitious convo.
"You know this guy?" I ask incredulously.
"Who knows? I don't recognize him, but my memories are
incomplete. It's possible we've met before."
Baldy laughs. "A shame, really. It's impossible for the likes of you to
breach this door. You seem to have suffered a stroke of misfortune,
boy."
"Me?" I point at myself.
116 | P a g e
"I don't know where you stumbled in from, but that witch has
deceived you, leading you to your death. At the hands of my Olivier,
that is."
Upon receiving the bald geezer's orders, the pretty elf strides
forward.
The old fogy is just a pushover, but this cutie is strong.
Violet and I have another quiet exchange.
"We can't... She's...," I start.
"I can tell. She's strong, huh?"
"We have to run."
"Why?"
Baldy cuts in. "If you want someone to blame, blame the witch, not
me. Curse her and your own folly...! Go, Olivier, kill him!"
She readies her sword, which happens to be a perfect replica of the
holy sword.
I match her by drawing my shitty school-issued sword. Her eyes are
like glass beads, and they're fixed solely on me.
I can feel my lips curl into a grin.
"Stop! You can't fight her!"
Why?
Violet's voice echoes behind me.
The battle begins with Cid getting blasted backward.
He violently crashes into the stone wall, then coughs up a mouthful
of blood.
117 | P a g e
Even though he looks about ready to crumple into a heap, Olivier
doesn't let up. She swings her holy sword and aims for the boy's
neck.
She lops it clean off—or so it appears in that rapid exchange.
By leaning forward, Cid just barely ducks clear of Olivier's slash.
Instead, she carves a deep horizontal line in the wall.
Still, he knows her follow-up attack will come quickly. That's why he
immediately steps forward, closing the space between them.
However, his resistance ends up having been for naught.
Cid takes a full step to the front, but Olivier's half step backward is
far faster.
Because he hadn't finished taking his step, he's defenseless in the
face of her strike.
Metal whines against metal, and Cid's sword snaps.
He barely manages to protect himself, but his flimsy sword splits in
two while his body bounces and rolls atop the stone floor.
It hardly qualifies as a fight. One side is obviously dominating.
But that's just to be expected.
Technique has nothing to do with it. Her strength, speed, resilience,
and all-around power are just fundamentally dimensions beyond his.
Just like how an adult can't have a fair fight against a baby, the end
result is predetermined when a young man who can't use magic goes
up against a hero who can.
The very fact that it isn't settled in a single blow is practically a
miracle.
"Olivier, finish that child off," demands Nelson, clicking his tongue in
annoyance.
118 | P a g e
During the time Olivier stops moving, Cid struggles to his feet. His
face is covered in blood from his nose, and when he spits, that's red,
too.
He looks at his bisected sword, giving it a small swing to test it out.
It's almost as though he thinks he'll have another chance to use it.
"What do you think you're doing?"
"Hmm?" Cid responds to Nelson's question by tilting his head.
"You still think you can accomplish something with that piece of
scrap?"
"Maybe. I don't have many options, that's for sure."
"What's wrong with you?"
"Hmm?"
"Why are you smiling?"
Cid responds by reaching up and touching his cheek. Sure enough,
there's a smile there.
"There's nothing I hate quite as much as a man who doesn't know his
place. The only reason you're still alive is a stroke of dumb luck,"
Nelson barks.
With a sweep of Nelson's hand, Olivier bounds forward.
She slips behind Cid with the utmost ease, then brings her holy blade
down on him from above.
No counterattack, self-defense, or evasive trick can be made in time.
The only thing he's able to do is throw his body forward.
Blood gushes from Cid's back.
The blow tears his skin and rends his flesh, but he manages to avoid
suffering a fatal wound. All he's accomplished is to briefly prolong his
life, though.
119 | P a g e
Olivier advances on the helpless young man once more.
Her strike is merciless, leaving no room for a counterattack.
Blood sprays as shallow wounds etch themselves into Cid's body.
Yet he lives.
"Impossible...," Nelson mutters. His tone carries with it a sizable
degree of shock. "How are you still alive?"
Cid checks to make sure no further attacks are coming his way, then
forces his bloody body upright.
"Battles without dialogue are empty. That's why I'm still alive."
"What are you babbling about?"
"She doesn't have a heart, so she isn't answering any of my
questions." Cid's smile is tinged with disappointment, and his mouth
is caked in blood.
"Enough of this! Kill him!" Nelson's eyes are those of a man looking
at the deranged.
Olivier springs into motion, but a figure intercedes at the last
moment.
"Please stop."
The woman in question has jet-black hair and violet eyes. Aurora
embraces Cid's shoulder and helps prop him up.
"What's the matter?"
"Please. You need to stop," Aurora begs him.
She knew this would happen from the very start. The moment
Aurora laid eyes on Olivier, she'd known how powerful the elf was.
Aurora's memories aren't completely intact. They only cover about
half her life, but even though Olivier doesn't appear in these
120 | P a g e
memories, for some reason, Aurora knows she's dangerous. Despite
not knowing Olivier, her heart trembles, almost as if she does.
That's why Aurora desperately wants to stop Cid.
Contrary to her expectations, though, Cid fought.
Maybe he could be the one to...
She didn't stop him in time, held back by that fleeting hope.
But this is plenty for her.
She's been scorned all her life, and not once has anyone ever put
their life on the line for her sake. She's made a memory she'll never
forget, and that's enough for her.
"There's no need for you to die. I can handle the rest."
Nelson laughs. "What can a witch do without her magic?"
"I can secure his escape at least." Aurora strides forward, protecting
Cid.
"A witch saving a human? Wonders never cease. But...if you agree to
help me, I could be convinced to spare the boy's life."
"Help you?"
"Indeed. You've been oh so uncooperative, and it's caused us no
shortage of delays."
"What are you talking about?"
"Oh, you're just an incomplete memory. No matter. All you have to
do is agree to cooperate. Don't dawdle, or I'll kill the boy."
Aurora casts a brief glance back at Cid's face. "Okay, I'll do it..."
Cid interrupts them, his voice completely free from fear. "Hey, could
you guys not start deciding stuff on your own?"
121 | P a g e
Aurora looks back and glares at him. "I'm doing this for you, you
know..."
"I'm good."
Cid steps in front of Aurora.
"So I've been listening, and I'd really appreciate it if you guys could
just stop assuming I'm gonna lose. It's really starting to piss me off."
"What a tragic young man. Imagine being this oblivious to your
situation. To think—if you'd just shut up and done what you were
told, I was prepared to let you live."
"I told you—I'm good." Cid turns and looks at Aurora. "As for you,
just stay and watch."
"Enough. Kill him."
"No!!" Aurora reaches out, but she's unable to stop him.
Cid has already stepped forward and engaged Olivier.
As soon as he blindly steps forward, she greets him with her holy
blade.
She leads with a thrust.
The attack cleaves through the air at a blistering clip, then pierces his
abdomen.
The merciless strike runs him through.
"Gotcha." As he's stabbed, a grin spreads across Cid's bloodstained
face.
He grabs Olivier's arm, then yanks with all his might. His muscles
bulge, screaming as they exceed their limits.
For just one instant, Olivier's movements are locked in place.
And she's in the perfect range for a half-broken sword.
122 | P a g e
Cid's blade slices toward the arteries in her neck, and Olivier bends
backward to evade the blow.
However, doing so ruins her center of gravity.
Tossing aside his sword, Cid grabs Olivier and pins her.
Then he bites down on her carotid artery.
His teeth impale her slender neck, then sink into the vein.
He holds her tight and presses down on her struggling arms as he
chews. Each time his teeth dig into her artery, Olivier's body
convulses.
Eventually, Olivier cracks like a mirror. She shatters into pieces, then
disappears.
The only one left is Cid, covered in blood.
"I-it can't be happening... Olivier can't...! Curse you! How are you still
alive after she impaled you?!"
The wound in Cid's chest should have been fatal. No question.
The fact that he's alive is strange, and taking down Olivier in that
state borders on inhuman.
"It's so easy for people to die. Most of the time, all it takes is a small
blow to the back of the head. And hey, I'm no different. One little
knock on my skull, and that could be it for me." Cid stands, patting
his wound as if to make sure his body is still in one piece. "But as
long as you protect your vitals, you're surprisingly sturdy. You can get
stabbed through the chest, but if you protect your arteries and
important organs, you won't die. Kinda sweet, don't you think?"
"'Sweet'...?"
"Totally. You can eliminate the time spent dodging before you
counterattack. Just punch their face while they're punching yours.
Rip apart their neck while they're stabbing you in the gut. Offense
123 | P a g e
and defense become one and the same, and the tempo of your
counterattacks accelerates to its absolute limit. They become nearly
unavoidable."
"There's...something wrong with you." Nelson's face scrunches up, as
though he's looking at something grotesque.
"Are you okay...?"
Cid responds to Aurora with a nod. "So the elf chick's gone. You up to
bat next, Gramps?"
Nelson gulps, clearly flustered. "I—I get it. I never imagined you'd
defeat Olivier! You're clearly very powerful. I was wrong. I'm so
sorry!!"
Nelson bows, but a chuckle soon escapes his lips.
"...Heh, did you really think I'd say that? Sure, I was surprised a boy
with no magic was able to take down Olivier. You're not just a child,
even if your victory was dumb luck. But a win is a win.
Congratulations."
Nelson raises his head, clapping.
"But don't get cocky over beating a single low-grade copy. You could
never conceive of the quantities of magic slumbering within the
Sanctuary. That's why it can even do this."
Nelson waves his arm, and light floods the area.
When it dies down, Olivier is there.
And she's not alone.
An incalculable number of Oliviers, enough to fill the entire ruin,
stand where the light once was.
"This can't be happening...!" Aurora cries.
124 | P a g e
Cid's wound may not be fatal, but that doesn't mean it isn't serious.
There's no way he's in any state to fight.
"This is the power of the Sanctuary!!"
The Oliviers rush toward Cid.
Cid lets out a weak laugh. "Sorry, but...your time's up."
The Oliviers are charging at him from all directions, but...he mows
them all down.
"What?!"
It's unclear when it appeared, but he's holding an obsidian katana in
his hand.
"Where did you get that...? Wait—can you use magic?!"
Cid's body is bursting with bluish-purple energy.
The magic is so incredibly concentrated, it's visible. It glitters
beautifully, compressed to an unimaginable degree.
"If my magic is getting sucked away, all I have to do is thicken it until
it's too dense to be absorbed. It took a little time, but it's pretty
simple, really."
It definitely wasn't simple. Aurora was widely referred to as a witch,
but that technique is beyond even her.
"Th-this can't be...!! How can you do that?! Qu-quick! Kill him!!"
Nelson screams, his face frozen in fear.
The Oliviers bear down on Cid once more.
However, Cid stretches his jet-black blade out wide and fells them in
a single sweep.
"This isn't supposed to... Olivier isn't supposed to...!!"
"I told you—time's up."
125 | P a g e
One after another, the Oliviers attack Cid.
Although the black sword blasts them away, most don't immediately
disappear. After blocking the attacks with their holy swords, they
rush back at Cid.
"Man, you guys really are strong, and you keep on coming."
The Oliviers swarm, and Cid sweeps them back. The pattern repeats
itself faster than the eye can see.
Each time, blood drips from Cid's wound, and his face contorts in
pain.
The equilibrium won't last. That fact is clear as day.
"Ha-ha! Good! Good! Keep it up!!" Nelson laughs, though his face
has taken on a scary look.
As Aurora watches Cid's predicament worsen, tears well up in her
eyes. "Please... Don't die..."
All she wants is for him to survive.
"We were supposed to draw the holy sword, cut through the chains,
and destroy the core, right?" Cid calls out to Aurora from the thick of
his desperate battle.
"What? I mean, yes...," Aurora replies, confused.
"That sounds like too many steps. What if I just blew everything up?"
"That would be fine, but...you can't be serious, right?"
Cid smiles, slashing in every direction.
The Oliviers are all scattered, giving him a brief moment of respite.
He flips his sword to an underhand grip, then holds it overhead.
Bluish-purple energy spirals around him, collecting in the length of
his obsidian katana.
126 | P a g e
***
"Wh-what is that?! N-no! Stop!!"
The Oliviers charge.
The one in front strikes with her holy sword.
The full-strength blow pierces Cid's defenseless chest.
More specifically, it strikes the location of his heart. Covered in
blood, her blade bursts out his back.
Aurora screams and extends her hand.
***
His chest impaled, he brings his sword down and stabs the ground.
***
The bluish-purple magic immediately fills their vision.
The Oliviers vanish, Nelson disintegrates, and the holy sword melts
away.
Then, the magic continues swallowing the surroundings.
His attack is an esoteric technique designed to annihilate everything
within a small range in all directions.
And on that day, the Sanctuary is completely wiped out.
127 | P a g e
128 | P a g e
When he comes to his senses, Cid finds himself surrounded by
darkness.
Even when he squints, all he can make out is an endless black abyss.
But amid that darkness, where left and right, up and down, and even
his perception of self start to fade away, he senses something
floating up.
It's a hideous left arm bound in chains.
It looks like it's far off in the distance, yet if he reached out, it seems
almost close enough to touch.
Suddenly, the chains crumble, their fragments cascading downward.
The arm, now free, reaches out as though to grab Cid.
Cid readies his obsidian blade, and the world...is engulfed in light.
It's early in the morning, and Cid finds himself standing in a forest.
It's where he was when he first went through the door.
He glances around, but the arm is nowhere to be seen. He squints as
the morning light strikes his eyes.
"You got stabbed through the heart, but you seem none the worse,"
he hears a voice call out from behind him. He turns to find Aurora
there, looking somewhat fuzzy.
"I shifted it out of the way. I'm a little tired, though..."
He looks up at the morning sky, sighs, then steadies himself against a
tree as he sits down.
"You're just full of surprises. More than little old me..." Aurora sits
down beside him, reaching out to touch the wound on his chest.
129 | P a g e
When she pulls her hand back, though, there isn't any blood. Her
hand has passed right through him.
"You're disappearing, huh?"
"It would seem that way."
The two of them sit side by side and gaze at the splendor of the
sunrise.
"I was the one who called you there. I'm sorry for lying to you."
"It's all good."
"I lied about other things, too."
"It's all good."
Small birds start chirping. The morning dew glistens in the sunlight.
"For so long, I'd just wanted to get it over with and disappear. I
wanted to forget everything."
"Mm."
"But now, I was able to make a memory I never want to forget. Even
if I disappear, I hope to carry that one with me." She smiles. "Thank
you for giving me something so precious."
With that, she begins fading away. Her forced smile is sorrowful.
"Hey, I had fun, too. Thanks for that."
"If, by any chance, you ever find the real me..." She cups Cid's cheek
in her hand as she speaks, but he can't even see her anymore.
There's nothing before him but the silent, lonely forest.
"'Please kill me,' huh...?"
Cid reaches up and touches his cheek as he murmurs Aurora's final
words. He can still feel her warmth on it.
130 | P a g e
Alpha and Epsilon gaze down upon Lindwurm from atop the
mountain's summit.
Alpha's dress flutters in the wind, exposing her pale legs.
"The Sanctuary has been annihilated."
"I noticed." Alpha squeezes the bridge of her nose. "Were we able to
recover the holy sword?"
"It evaporated."
She sighs. "What about a sample of the core?"
"All gone, too."
Alpha shakes her head. "He chose the simplest, most decisive
solution. Very like him."
"That's what makes him Master Shadow, after all," Epsilon replies
triumphantly.
"His path is the one we must take." The morning sunlight reflects off
Alpha's luscious blond hair, causing it to shine. She squints at
Lindwurm, off in the distance. "And Beta?"
"She's guiding the princesses. She says that if she plays her cards
right, she might be able to infiltrate their ranks."
"I see. And the survey of the Sanctuary?"
"We've completed everything we still can."
"What do we know?" Alpha closes her eyes as she listens to Epsilon's
report.
Her head is clear, and she's able to sort through the information
instantly.
"That's plenty. And what about the other matter?"
131 | P a g e
"It appears our hypothesis was on the mark." Epsilon wavers for a
moment, then delivers her answer as simply as possible. "Aurora the
Calamity Witch...is also known as Diablos the demon."
Alpha's blue eyes are fixed on the distant sunrise. "I see... That
explains why he..."
Another piece of the puzzle clicks into place.
After Alexia leaves the Sanctuary, she finds herself in a forest.
When she looks around, she discovers Rose and Natsume are
standing beside her.
The three of them had all been near each other when they fled the
Sanctuary.
Rose tilts her head. "Where are we...?"
"Lindwurm Forest, I think. I can see the town off in the distance,"
replies Natsume. The other two check, and sure enough, they can
make out the town, too.
It's impressive that she noticed, given how hard it is to see between
the slim gaps in the trees.
"I think we should head back."
"Agreed."
Before Rose and Natsume can get far, though, Alexia calls out to stop
them. "Wait."
"What is it?"
"Is something the matter?"
The two stop and look at her.
"Hey, don't you hate it?"
132 | P a g e
"What do you mean...?"
"I'm afraid I don't quite follow."
Alexia looks back and forth between them. "We were completely
powerless back there. But that's not the worst of it. We couldn't
even tell who was good and who was bad. We were useless
spectators who couldn't so much as make out who was in the
right..."
"Alexia..."
"If we keep on this way, if we stay in the dark, then we're sure to
eventually lose everything we hold dear. I can't be the only one who
thinks that, right...?"
"Alexia, the truth is...something's been on my mind, too. Back when
the academy was attacked, I think there were powerful organizations
secretly pulling the strings. After all, we don't know anything about
either the Shadow Garden or the ones opposing them..."
"I understand how you feel, but what are you planning to do,
Princess Alexia?"
Alexia crosses her arms. "We're weak and missing vital information,
but surely, there's at least something we can do together. I'm a
princess of the Midgar Kingdom, and Rose is the princess of the
Oriana Kingdom. You're an author, so you must have made some
connections that way. What say we gather information, then share
it?"
"You've laid out the beginnings of a plan. What's the endgame?"
"That depends on what we find, but if the three of us join forces, we
can probably fight back or something. Or we can try to gather allies,
or..."
"Your plan seems alarmingly vague."
133 | P a g e
When Natsume points that out, Alexia glares at her. "Th-that's why
I'm saying we need to gather information, so we can scrutinize it and
decide what to do from there!"
"That's all well and good if you're smart enough to parse
intelligence," Natsume quietly mutters.
"I'm sorry. Did you say something?"
"Oh, nothing."
Alexia continues glaring, and Natsume flashes a wide smile. The two
stare at each other for a little while.
"So what will it be? Will you form an alliance with me or not?"
Rose is the first to extend her hand. "I'm in. I'll try finding out what I
can in the Oriana Kingdom."
Next, Natsume lays her hand atop Rose's. "I'll use my connections as
an author to dig around, too."
Finally, Alexia places her hand on the pile. "Then it's decided. From
now on, we're allies. We come from different countries and
backgrounds, and none of us really knows what lies in one another's
hearts, but I have faith we're on the same side."
Rose smiles. "I like the sound of that. Allies trying to lay bare the
world's hidden truths... It's like the start of a legend or something."
"We have the roles of hero, sage, and deadweight all present and
accounted for," remarks Natsume, smiling at Alexia.
"With you being the deadweight, of course," counters Alexia,
grinning back at Natsume.
Their pact sealed, the three of them stride forth side by side.
Off in the distance, the morning sun shines bright on the town of
Lindwurm.
134 | P a g e
The vast majority of Gamma's job is taken up managing the business
side of Mitsugoshi, Ltd.
Whether she's content with this or not, the fact of the matter is that
her lack of combat prowess leaves her with few other options.
In truth, she dreams of fighting chicly by her master's side, but that's
her little secret.
This is what compels her to spend another day dutifully minding
Mitsugoshi's affairs.
Her job has taken her to Madlid, which is on the outskirts of the
Velgalta Empire. Currently, she's in the middle of negotiating with a
feudal lord about opening a new storefront for Mitsugoshi.
"Ms. Luna, I personally recommend this property."
Gamma's guide, Rude, bears a flashy smile. He's the eldest son of the
lord in question.
Luna is the name Gamma uses in public when she's acting as the
president of Mitsugoshi.
"It faces out onto the main road, and it gets great sun. The property
boasts a generous frontage. With the land, it comes out to one
hundred forty million zeni, but as a special favor, I'm prepared to let
it go for one hundred twenty. We would be overjoyed to have
Mitsugoshi here."
"I see."
The man is right; the plot is excellent. The building isn't bad, either.
It's a bit on the older side, but it's three stories tall, spacious, and
sturdily built.
135 | P a g e
A little remodeling is all it would take to establish a usable storefront.
Demolishing the old and constructing a new building is another
option. Most of the property's value is in its location, after all.
However, the problem lies in the fact that he's willing to give up a
prime piece of real estate for a mere 120 million zeni.
An identical plot in the capital of the Midgar Kingdom would easily
run ten times that, and even in other similar provincial areas, it
would probably go for five times more.
However, there's a perfectly good reason this bargain is still on the
market.
The issue isn't the plot but the town as a whole.
Madlid is a minor region of the Velgalta Empire, and to be blunt, its
population is in decline. There are all sorts of reasons for that, but of
them, two are most prominent.
The first is its location. It's horrible.
It takes over a month for a carriage fully loaded with goods to get
from Madlid to the next closest town. Considering the time and cost
involved, it quickly becomes clear why the town is ill-suited for
commerce.
The second is that the imperial capital of Velgalta is experiencing a
new wave of prosperity, drawing all of Madlid's youth and merchants
to uproot their lives and move there.
Well, much of this is due to Mitsugoshi opening up a branch in the
capital and the subsequent redevelopment, but both she and Rude
are avoiding making any allusions to that fact.
Anyhow, for these reasons, Madlid as a town is rather short on
merit.
136 | P a g e
Furthermore, firms are the only ones who would want to buy such a
ridiculously large parcel of land off the town's main drag. Similar lots
could be found all over town.
In other words, opening a new store is financial suicide unless you
can come up with a way to solve those fundamental problems.
"We would love it if you opened a store here!"
Rude is visibly desperate. He had, of course, heard rumors about the
effect Mitsugoshi had on the imperial capital.
If the retailer opened a store in Madlid, it would stop the city's
population from dwindling further, and the graph of their failing
financial situation would suddenly soar—or at least, that is what
Rude has deluded himself into thinking.
That's not how it'd actually go down.
Until the underlying problems were solved, a new branch would be
nothing more than a drop in the bucket.
"Should I...?"
"I—I hear you loud and clear. I'm willing to drop it to a flat one
hundred million zeni!"
Seeing Gamma's indecision, he slashes the price even further.
However, Gamma has no intention of giving him an answer for a
reduction of a mere twenty million zeni. She's already spent over a
week indecisively touring the town's real estate, and she hasn't given
him a single definitive answer yet.
She's already seen everything she needs to.
Now she's just waiting.
"—Ms. Luna." And there it is. An attractive young woman dressed in
a Mitsugoshi uniform comes up behind Gamma and whispers in her
ear. "We've finished the survey."
137 | P a g e
"And?"
"It will work."
"Is it here?"
"Petroleum? We're certain of it."
"—I see."
That day, Gamma shows Rude a smile for the first time. "I'll take it."
"Oh my, you will?! In that case—"
"In fact, I'll take every plot along this road."
"—Excuse me?"
"I'm saying if you're willing to meet our conditions, we're prepared
to redevelop Madlid into the best town in the empire."
"—What?"
"Would you be willing to expand the Nyle River's tributaries and
build a canal?"
"Um...yes?"
"Excellent, then let's get started." Gamma begins issuing orders to
her subordinate. "Buy up all the necessary land downstream of the
Nyle. We're about to have a real estate bubble on our hands..."
With that, they take off briskly. Eventually, only the dumbfounded
Rude remains.
He gapes at his surroundings, then mutters, "Oh, right... I have to
report to Father..."
—The weak are worthless.
138 | P a g e
Born and raised a therianthrope, she had this lesson drilled into her
by her family.
Her clan was large, even for canine therianthropes, and her father—
the chief—had over a hundred children to his name. She had been
born to one of his lower-ranked mistresses, so no one expected
much from her.
At mealtimes, her portions were meager, and she was always skinny
and famished.
When she turned three, they eventually stopped feeding her
altogether.
She was little more than skin and bones by the first time she
staggered into the forest to hunt for herself. There, she slew a boar
twice her size by bashing in its skull, then she drank its lifeblood and
gorged herself on its organs.
She realized then that not only could she sustain herself with her
own two hands but doing so was surprisingly easy.
Now she knew that was what it meant to live.
Food handed to you was worthless.
It only held value if you hunted it yourself.
After she returned to her village, drenched in her prey's blood, word
began to spread.
Even among therianthropes, a three-year-old girl killing a boar was
hardly normal.
Yet that was precisely what she had done.
Her senses and physical strength were superlative, and she could
even use magic despite never having had any formal training.
139 | P a g e
If a child her age came picking a fight, she'd take them down in a
single blow, and whenever she got hungry, she'd go off and hunt her
own food.
Her malnourished frame quickly filled out, and before long, she'd
grown into a young girl with fair looks and supple muscles.
By the time she turned twelve, the only person in her clan who could
best her was the chief.
It would only have taken a few more years—or maybe even just
one—and she might well have surpassed him, too.
However, that never happened.
Instead, black bruises spread all across her body.
She was...one of the possessed...
...and the possessed had to be driven from the pack. That was an
ironclad rule.
After fleeing with her disease-ridden body, she began hunting
throughout the forest and prowling aimlessly.
She loved to hunt.
Hunting had given her life. Every instinct in her body told her that
hunting was what she had been born to do.
Consequently, being driven from her pack didn't bother her much.
As long as she could keep on living and hunting, she was fine with
that.
However, the illness ate away at her. Her body rotted, and she
gradually grew so weak that it became impossible for her to hunt.
She collapsed by a woodland stream and looked up at the heavens.
"I can...still...hunt..."
She could smell the beasts, sense their footsteps, hear their cries.
140 | P a g e
The forest was massive, but she could make out traces of distant
prey like it was right in front of her. If her body would only move the
way she wanted it to, she could hunt them all down with ease.
"My prey...calling out...to me..."
But even though she extended her blackened, rotting hand, all she
caught was air.
"But I...can still...hunt..."
Eventually, her vision grew dim.
Knowing she didn't have long to live, she smiled when she heard a
wolf howling nearby.
The wolf had come to hunt her.
This was her chance.
She couldn't move anymore, but she could lure her prey to her.
The moment the wolf tried to bite her, she would tear out its throat
with her teeth.
She stifled her breathing and waited for the wolf to come.
But it never did.
"Wh...y...?"
The wolf's presence grew distant, and a blond elf appeared in its
place.
"It's progressed pretty far... You must have an incredible force of will
to be able to stay conscious in that state," the elf observed. She
offered her hand but was frantically forced to retract it a moment
later.
Chomp.
The therianthrope girl's fangs met empty air.
141 | P a g e
She turned her inflamed face toward the elf, glared at her, and
smiled.
"Looks like...I found...a big one..."
With the last of her strength, she willed herself to her feet.
Animals weren't the only prey she knew. Strife between
therianthrope tribes was common, and hunting foes was something
else she lived for.
The moment she laid eyes on the elf, she knew: The girl standing
before her was the kind of big game that really got her blood boiling.
"What...?! How can you still stand...?!" The elf girl started to back
away.
"Grah!!" That's when the therianthrope girl pounced at her. No ailing
person should have been able to move so fast.
***
The elf dodged her fangs and retreated a good distance, but the
therianthrope forced her unstable body to pursue.
"Stop that! I'm trying to help—! Seems like talking isn't getting me
anywhere. I might end up hurting you, so it looks like I'll need to ask
for his help...," she muttered, then turned around and left.
"W-wait...wai...t..." The therianthrope chased her for a few steps,
then collapsed headfirst.
She no longer had the strength to go after her.
The fight had drained the last of her energy...just when she thought
she'd have one last chance to hunt a big one...
Despondent, she closed her eyes.
142 | P a g e
For a little while, all she heard was the quiet ambiance of the forest
until nearby footsteps caught her ears. She opened her eyes in
surprise.
Standing beside her was a dark-haired boy dressed all in black. She
couldn't feel his presence at all.
"My name is Shadow..."
When she looked up into his eyes, her whole body trembled.
—She wouldn't win.
She wouldn't be able to beat him, no matter how hard she tried.
What told her that wasn't logic but instinct, and she comprehended
it instantly.
The only person stronger than her was her father, the chief of her
clan, and even he didn't scare her.
But this boy was different.
His strength as a living creature was fundamentally beyond hers.
When she saw his toned body, she could tell it was built for combat.
When she sensed his sharpened magical skills, she could tell they
were potent enough to blow the entire area to kingdom come.
When she looked at his steely eyes, she knew he could tell exactly
how strong she was.
The gulf between their strengths was so vast, though, she couldn't
even muster the will to fight.
She feared his strength and, as a matter of course, obeyed what her
instincts told her to do in the face of a mightier being.
In other words—she submitted.
"Purr..."
143 | P a g e
She flopped over, exposing her belly and wagging her tail.
"She seems perfectly docile..."
"When I tried to get close to her, she was rabid."
The boy and the elf shared a puzzled exchange.
"Eh, whatever. I'm gonna heal her now."
"Allow me to help."
With that, the boy surrounded the therianthrope with his dark-blue
magic. The elf awkwardly tried to assist.
"Purr..."
As they did, the therianthrope just kept wagging her tail with her
belly exposed.
A little while later, after the first round of treatment was finished,
they were joined by two more elves, one with silver hair and one
with blue.
The girl wasn't fully healed but had recovered enough to be able to
walk around again.
"I'm Alpha. I'm sorry for springing this on you, but I'd like to explain a
few things about our organization and your body—"
As the elf named Alpha began droning on about some
incomprehensible nonsense, the therianthrope girl examined her
body.
Thanks to the Shadow boy's magic, she'd recovered remarkably.
She would never forget the strength and warmth of his magic.
Now, she could hunt again.
"—and because of that, we fight against the Cult."
She didn't fully follow but understood this was to be her new pack.
144 | P a g e
She had no objections to that.
After all, its chief, Shadow, was the strongest being she knew. To
serve the strong was her pride.
As long as it had Shadow, this pack would become the strongest in
the world.
On to world domination!! That thought glistened in her mind.
"Delta. From now on, that will be your name."
"Del-tuh... My new name from Boss man..."
She liked it far better than her old name. After all, it was something
Boss man had given her.
Boss man was amazing! He was the strongest. As far as she was
concerned, he was the best in all the world!
That was why there was something she needed to do.
She glanced at the three elves standing around her. The blue one
wasn't even in contention. The silver one was so-so. The blond one,
though, was strong.
Shadow was the pack's undisputed top dog, which meant Alpha was
surely his number two.
In other words, Delta needed to—
"Hey, Blondie!" Glaring, Delta pointed at Alpha. "From now on, I'm
number two!"
Fighting to determine pack hierarchy was extremely important to
therianthropes.
"Submit and show me your belly!"
"—Excuse me?"
Hearing that, Alpha's magic started to flare.
145 | P a g e
Epsilon's mornings start early.
She's up before the sun rises and stands before a large mirror clad in
her negligee.
She only sleeps for three hours. However, her master taught her a
technique that removes fatigue with magic while she sleeps, so three
hours is plenty for her. Ample beauty sleep.
By only sleeping three hours a day, she's able to spend the other
twenty-one productively.
She takes care of her training and missions, of course, but her
number one priority is self-improvement.
That's why she wakes up early to stand in front of the mirror.
The first thing she needs to inspect are her slime-padded breasts.
Standing before the mirror, she turns the massive slime blobs over in
her hands.
Are they bodacious and shapely?
Are they firm yet soft to the touch?
Most importantly, do they look natural?
She absolutely can't let anyone find out about her padded little
secret.
They have to be realer than real, more natural than natural. That's
the standard to which she holds her chest as she inspects the slime.
After almost an hour of rotating and massaging, she finishes her
inspection and fine-tuning.
Next, she makes sure her figure is well proportioned.
Does her waist corseted in slime cast an appropriate silhouette?
146 | P a g e
Are her thickened hips beautiful?
What about the slim plumpness of her butt, the form of her
calves...the length of her legs...?
By the time she's finished all of her checks, the morning sun has long
since risen.
She then sheds her negligee, dons a casual dress atop her slime,
applies her makeup, and does her hair.
At this point, she's finally fit to appear in front of others.
As the finishing touch, she stands in front of the mirror one last time,
twirls, and readies her Epsilon-style Hidden Technique: Master
Shadow Come-Hither Pose.
"Beautiful as ever," she sighs with a smile. Her voice is rich with
confidence.
All of this is for her master's sake. This is the extent to which she's
pushed her daily routine.
However, she holds the Master Shadow Come-Hither Pose longer
than usual today. As she maintains the position, which serves to
emphasize her slime breasts, an unpleasant smile spreads across her
face.
"Heh-heh... Heh-heh-heh... Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
She's smiling because she's reminiscing.
Specifically, she's thinking about something that happened the other
day in Lindwurm, back when she was reunited with her master after
a long absence.
She'd elegantly dispatched one of the Cult's assassins as she
swooped down before Lord Shadow.
147 | P a g e
Whenever she was reunited with her master, her heart always beat
even harder than usual. This time, though, he'd been staring right at
her...
...and his fierce gaze had locked on her breasts!
Epsilon's beauty, glamour, and effort had finally snatched her
master's attention.
Her cheeks had reddened, but she'd pretended not to notice her
master's fervent gaze. As soon as he left, though, her feelings
erupted, and she let out a loud victory cry.
"I won! I beat Mother Nature!"
Immediately after, she snapped back to her senses.
This isn't Lindwurm, the Sacred Land. It's her bedroom.
However, the memory is etched in her heart: that fleeting moment
with her master's gaze burning into her chest—
"Heh-heh! Heh-heh-heh..."
Finally, she releases the Master Shadow Come-Hither Pose.
However, the wicked smile is still plastered on her lips.
That day, that moment, was unmistakably the pinnacle of her life.
Simply thinking back to it, she can return to the peak of her
existence.
She feels like a phoenix, coming back again and again...
Thus, Epsilon's day once again begins at its zenith.
After leaving her bedroom, Epsilon walks down the hallway and runs
into Beta for the first time in a while.
They trade superficially amiable greetings.
"Good morning, Beta."
148 | P a g e
"Good morning, Epsilon."
The exchange is casual. However, neither looks at her comrade-inarms' face for so much as an instant.
Their gazes are focused elsewhere—each other's breasts.
Each of their chests sticks out like a pair of rockets, and they stare at
their opponent's assets as if gazing upon an archnemesis.
Then, they both thrust out their chests.
Each sucks in as much air as they possibly can, projecting their
breasts forward to their absolute limit.
This is a battle neither woman is willing to lose.
The protruding boobs and slime smash into each other, then wobble.
"Heh-heh..."
"Rrr..."
Once again, the victor is Epsilon. After all, she's shaped her slime
specifically to beat Beta.
Originally, their battle had been one-sided hostility on Epsilon's part.
However, as Epsilon used her slime to push up and pad, a sense of
rivalry took root in Beta, and today, Epsilon isn't the only one with
something black and ugly stuffed in her chest.
Still, they are teammates.
They've suffered through difficult training and fought side by side,
and the two of them definitely share a sense of comradery.
Each trusts and considers the other important.
Most of the time, they're able to get along peacefully.
Key word: most of the time.
149 | P a g e
Normally, after exchanging greetings, they simply pass by and
continue on their ways. Having spent countless hours together since
childhood, they feel little need to share prolonged pleasantries.
However, today is different.
Epsilon's mountainous pride refuses to simply let her rival walk off in
silence.
"You know, something surprising happened to me recently..."
"What could that be?"
Epsilon breaks the ice, and Beta freezes. The boobs and slime
continue their squishy collision as the girls talk.
"It happened the other day, during the mission in the Sacred Land... I
felt our lord's gaze burning a hole in me..."
"What?!"
"I felt his hot gaze...focused...right...here..." Epsilon's cheeks redden,
and she fidgets restlessly as she speaks.
"Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh—? Th-that can't be! Y-you must be
mistaken!"
"Oh, no, it was not a mistake. You should know, Beta. We're very
aware when people look at us."
"Rrr... Y-you're right..."
The two of them are both curvy from head to toe, and they find
themselves on the receiving end of the male gaze all the time.
They've both naturally grown conscious of when it's happening.
"That was what I found so surprising. I never thought he would fix so
fervent a stare on the likes of me..."
"Gh... Our lord...? There's no way..." Mortified, Beta glares at Epsilon.
150 | P a g e
"I mean, is it even proper for our lord to fall for someone as lowly as
me...?" Epsilon sniggers as she puts emphasis on that last bit. "After
all, think about it. Your figure is so much nicer than mine, Beta, and
you're so much prettier!"
"Wh—?!"
Epsilon is lording over Beta.
Her triumphant face makes it abundantly clear she doesn't consider
herself lowly in the slightest.
It's the hollow modesty of the victor.
Her words are the proclamation of a woman whose figure is better,
whose looks are stronger, and who's earned the affection of their
lord. Each and every one of her compliments is backhanded.
Epsilon speaks from a place of superiority. Spurred by her pride, she
always does.
"Your boobs are so big..."
"Urk—"
"And your waist is so small..."
"Urrrk—"
"And your legs are so long..."
"Urrrrrk—"
"Why, you're so pretty!"
"Urrrrrrrk—"
To deliver the clincher to her wounded foe, Epsilon unveils Hidden
Technique: Master Shadow Come-Hither Pose and flaunts its
overwhelming power directly before Beta's eyes.
Tears immediately begin welling up.
151 | P a g e
"Surely you must have felt his hot gaze on you before, right?"
***
"Don't tell me you haven't."
***
"That can't possibly be true..."
"I—I—I—I—I—I—I...I, I... Boo-hoo!" Beta weeps as she runs off.
"Heh-heh-heh... All the natural ones should just be culled from the
world... Now I'll be on the receiving end of his affection... Only me..."
Epsilon smiles as she watches Beta flee.
Some say her beloved master once muttered in an empty room,
"Epsilon's head is as swollen as her slime pads."
Just as he said, her pride swells beyond the heavens. If her ego
wasn't so big, she would be incredibly docile and caring.
If she wasn't so proud, that is...
152 | P a g e
153 | P a g e
154 | P a g e
Rose can hear rain falling.
The sound of the droplets striking outside pulls her attention away.
She steadies her breathing, then lowers her practice rapier.
After using her hand to wipe away the sweat trickling down her face,
she fixes her hair.
Only the rain breaks the silence in the dim training facility.
For a little while, Rose merely closes her eyes and focuses on its
noise. The damp air causes a lump to form in her throat, but she
swallows it down.
She's always found the sound of water to be beautiful.
Rose was born in the Oriana Kingdom, a land of art and culture.
She'd been exposed to countless art forms in her childhood, and her
aesthetic sensibilities were superb. Over the course of their lives,
every member of Oriana royalty chose a single art form in which to
excel. It could be painting, or music, or acting. Each was free to
choose as they pleased.
Although the young Rose expressed great interest in the arts, she
was never able to settle on one. In her eyes, all forms of art were
beautiful and unique.
Painting, music, acting, fashion design, sculpture, and the rest were
all so wonderful—it was impossible for her to pick just one.
Consequently, she dabbled in them all and received high praise for
her work in each.
Every artist in the Oriana Kingdom waited with bated breath to see
which artistic path Rose would choose to continue down.
155 | P a g e
But she chose the art of the blade.
One day, out of the blue, she cast aside all the mediums and began
training with the sword.
"Why the sword?" they all asked her.
She said little on the subject.
Only that she had seen beauty in swordsmanship.
However, the people of the Oriana Kingdom looked down on it as the
purview of brutes and savages. Few were willing to acknowledge it as
a legitimate art form.
Ignoring her family's objections, Rose enrolled in the Midgar
Academy for Dark Knights.
A certain beautiful sword work is etched deep in her heart.
She's never told anyone about it, but it's a memory she holds dear.
The sole reason she's embarked on this path is out of quiet
admiration for a single swordsman.
She knows she'll never forget the beauty of the swordplay she saw
that day.
Her life's work is to someday emulate that beauty.
Nobody back in her own country will acknowledge it, but she doesn't
care. She isn't pursuing this out of a desire for praise.
She's determined to walk this path, even if no one else deems it
worthy.
She's been fine with that.
A few days ago, though, she received a letter.
"Father will be attending the Bushin Festival...," she mutters, her lips
the color of cherry blossoms. It's a rarity for the king, a man who
156 | P a g e
holds swordplay in contempt, to come watch the event. Rose is
certain he's coming to drag her back home.
There is a lot of speculation, but one rumor in particular that catches
Rose's attention.
Word is that a man has been unofficially chosen as her fiancé.
As soon as she heard that, she immediately sent a letter off to her
family asking if this was true. However, she hasn't gotten a response
yet.
But she's already decided on another man. That man, who doesn't
fear death and whose soul is fiery and pure, is the one she's chosen
as her life partner.
That's why she needs to force her father to see her abilities at the
Bushin Festival...with her sword.
Then, she prays, he just might... Rose slaps her cheeks.
"Focus," she mutters, flinging off her sweat-soaked tunic.
Her skin, glistening with sweat, is laid bare. The only thing hiding her
sizable breasts is her sports bra from Mitsugoshi.
It's a little immodest of her, but she knows nobody else is going to
come, so she chooses not to worry about it.
She readies her practice rapier, then summons an image to her mind.
She envisions her finest performance...back when the academy was
under attack.
The Bushin Festival is going to start soon. She has to re-create that
feeling before it does.
Rose's rapier flashes through the air, and beads of sweat go flying.
Her elegant honey hair comes unraveled.
157 | P a g e
She brushes aside the strands that have fallen in her face, then
continues swinging.
The whole time, she can hear the rain falling outside.
The feeling refuses to return.
The Bushin Festival season is upon us.
I walk down the bustling roads of the capital. The makeup of the
crowd is different than usual.
The people passing me on the street all have different races,
nationalities, and jobs, but they share the common goal of wanting
to enjoy the event. They've never talked to one another before and
probably never will again, but they nonetheless share a strange
sense of unity.
That's just how festivals work.
I don't hate this kind of vibe. After all, it's necessary for one thing:
When everyone is collectively focused on something, it makes for the
greatest stage imaginable.
The Bushin Festival.
"There's a big wave coming through, and I'll be damned if I don't ride
it."
I'm gonna check off the top item on my bucket list.
It's that trope where a mysterious badass joins a big tournament,
and everyone goes from Hold up, that guy's gonna get himself killed!
to Wait, he's superstrong! to Just who is that guy?!
To do that, I'm gonna need everyone's cooperation.
After pushing my way through the crowd, I eventually end up at the
royal capital branch of Mitsugoshi.
158 | P a g e
Ignoring the line of people patiently waiting their turn, I stroll right
in. I'm friends with the owner, so it's fine, right?
The store is hectic since it's the busy season and all, but it isn't long
before an attractive saleswoman spots me and drags me off.
"I know it totally sounds like I'm lying, but I'm friends with the
owner. I swear."
"I'm aware."
I was a little concerned whether she really knew me or not, but it
turns out to be the former.
She takes me to that room from last time with the awesome chair. I
take my seat atop it.
Damn! Sitting on this thing really makes you feel like a king.
They even bring me a glass of iced apple juice. Not from concentrate.
Good catch on their part, knowing I prefer apple juice to orange. It's
nice and crisp, so it really hits the spot on these hot summer days.
The summer wind comes through the room. Ting, ting, something
rings.
"Wind chimes, eh...?"
I look at the window and see them hanging against a backdrop of
blue skies and big summer clouds.
"Please wait here a moment."
I nod. The shop lady goes to find Gamma, and another one comes in
to fan me. Her summer dress leaves a lot of her skin exposed.
"Y'know, I'm feeling kinda peckish."
"I'll have something prepared immediately."
As I gaze at the clouds, I decide I'll definitely come mooch off this
place whenever I'm short on food.
159 | P a g e
Hearing that her beloved master has arrived, Gamma immediately
leaves the rest of her work to her subordinates and hurries over to
the Hall of Shadows.
She wears a thin, black knee-length dress, and she's paired it with a
summery white set of high heels. After applying a fragrant perfume,
she steps into the hall.
"I'm here, my lord."
Her master sits atop the Shadow throne, gazing at the sky with his
arms crossed. Is that piercing gaze of his directed at the clouds or
something deeper?
Gamma can't tell.
"I have a request." Her master turns his sight on her as he speaks.
When she meets his ever-dignified gaze, Gamma's heart flutters. It's
a little inappropriate of her to hope in this way, but she wonders if
he notices she changed her hairstyle.
"Ask, and I will make it happen."
"I want to disguise myself and enter the Bushin Festival," her master
says.
The instant the words leave his mouth, Gamma's considerable
intellect is already at work.
She thinks fervently, trying to suss out not only her master's intent
but also his true goal, the one that lies beyond it.
However...she comes up blank.
Why is it necessary for him to take this action?
No matter how hard she tries, she can't unravel that mystery. She's
forced to shamefully ask.
160 | P a g e
"Why?"
Her master averts his eyes from Gamma and looks back up at the
sky.
And when his gaze leaves her, Gamma feels almost as though his
interest has been stolen. Her eyes dart around.
"Would you mind...not asking me that question?" he requests, a
distant look in his eyes.
Gamma casts her gaze down and bites her lip.
When she heard he'd fought Aurora the Calamity Witch, a thought
had crossed Gamma's mind. If she'd been there, would she really
have been able to figure out his plan?
She had no faith she would have succeeded.
None of the members of the Shadow Garden who were on-site had
been able to fathom it. In the end, his choice turned out to be
optimal, but no one had been able to get on the same page as him. If
Gamma had been there, she'd have had no choice but to determine
her master's intentions.
Gamma is the brains of the Shadow Garden. That's her raison d'être.
If she can't do that, then she is worthless to the organization
And even though she knows that, she's messed up again.
"Forgive me... It must be something you can't tell anyone about."
Gamma hasn't been able to deduce so much as a shred of her
master's motives or emotions.
She's an utter failure.
It would be far better if she just stopped trying to be clever and did
as she was told.
"I won't ask any more, but it will be done."
161 | P a g e
Gamma kneels, hiding her face to conceal the tears of chagrin
welling up in the corners of her eyes.
After wiping them away, she issues swift instructions to her
subordinates. They go and fetch something.
"What is that?" her master asks as he eyes what they've brought.
"Slime—modified based on your Shadow Wisdom. By running magic
through it, it takes on the exact same feeling as skin."
"Oh...?"
Gamma offers the flesh-colored slime to her master.
"So I just put it on my face?"
"Correct."
Her master stretches the slime over his face.
"It looks like I'm wearing clay," he observes as he looks in a mirror.
"This is where Nu comes in."
"Pardon me." Nu steps in front of their master and pulls out a small
chisel-like knife. "I'll carve the slime."
"Ah, I see."
"What kind of face would you like?"
"Good question... One that looks kinda weak."
"Weak, huh...?" Nu thinks for a minute.
"What about this man?" Gamma opens a folder and shows Nu a
young man's census data.
"Mundane Mann. A member of the aristocracy in the Altena Empire.
Twenty-two years old. He's lazy, weak by dark knight standards, and
was disowned five years ago. Afterward, he worked in a variety of
162 | P a g e
places as a mercenary and guard. His final job was protecting a
carriage full of the possessed."
The man had been lazy, but that was hardly a sin. He'd been
guarding the carriage, unaware of what lay within. That was when his
luck ran out.
"His bone structure is similar, so it should work out. We also already
have his identification papers."
"Good. That'll be safer than forging them. Is this acceptable, my
lord?"
"Yeah, let's go with this Mundane guy."
"Then without further ado." Nu takes her knife and begins shaving
away at the slime.
She's excellent with makeup. In fact, when it comes to cosmetics,
she's their go-to girl.
She finishes carving in no time, and a plain man's face is etched atop
their master's.
He lets out an impressed grunt as he looks in the mirror. "Ooh, this is
nice..."
"Will this do?"
"Yeah, this is great. I look so weak."
The face lacks any notable traits but gives off a plain impression. It
sports sickly bags under its eyes, a pathetic five-o'clock shadow, a
sagging mouth, and dull skin. The man looks thoroughly unreliable.
It warms Gamma's heart seeing her master so pleased.
"The face will harden once you run magic through it, so afterward,
you can take it off and put it on as you please."
"Sweet."
163 | P a g e
"As far as its weaknesses, it's less elastic than the slime bodysuits,
and it offers almost no physical protection."
"Got it, so it's for cosmetic use only. It wouldn't make sense to make
a full bodysuit out of this stuff."
"Correct. Also..."
After Nu finishes her brief explanation, their master stands.
"I'd probably look the part more if I hunched my back."
He tries walking around with his back twisted a little.
"Bravo," commends Gamma, smiling as she claps.
It's possible to tell how physically adept someone is just by assessing
their posture and gait. Strength largely comes from the feet. People
who are good at manipulating their bodies carry themselves in a way
to transfer as much strength throughout themselves as possible. Of
course, that isn't the end-all be-all of gauging someone, but it's a
useful point of reference.
Gamma's master once taught her that, and she understands it
perfectly. However, that perfection doesn't extend to her ability to
put it into practice. Her posture is elegant but nothing more. She's a
textbook example of how this rule doesn't apply to everyone.
"I should drop my shoulders, too... Yeah. And I want to be careful not
to misalign my pelvis. It'd be a pain if it got stuck that way."
Gamma is filled with pleasant feelings as she watches her master
practice walking in a way to give the impression of weakness. She
gives instructions to her subordinates.
"Prepare clothes and a cheap sword."
"Ah, good thinking."
Hearing those three words, Gamma's heart is filled to the brim.
164 | P a g e
"Yeah, those look good. I'm gonna go register for the Bushin
Festival."
Her master must have been messing with his vocal cords, as his voice
comes out low and husky.
"Here are his papers. Take care out there."
Gamma lowers her head and watches her master recede.
"Thanks. Oh yeah, one other thing."
Her master stops in front of the door.
"That hairstyle looks nice on you."
Gamma's brain freezes.
The door clicks shut.
"Plergh!"
And Gamma's heel snaps.
"Gamma?!"
Her face plants straight into the floor, but despite the blood gushing
from her nose, her expression is one of absolute bliss.
Registration for the Bushin Festival is handled at the arena's
reception desk.
I get in line, glancing at the other dark knights around me.
The guy in front of me, being tall and brawny, comes off strong at
first glance, but his center of balance is garbage.
Hmm. It's a close call, but I think I just barely look weaker than him.
More warriors line up behind me.
165 | P a g e
One guy has a solid center of mass, but he's kinda tubby. Hell, that's
probably why his balance is so good. That's what you get when you
drink too much, man.
But I think I'm good. He's got an intimidating expression, so I still
look weaker.
I continue looking around and judging people. It's like I'm holding my
own little tournament of who looks weakest.
After all, I wanna go from Hold up, that guy's gonna get himself killed
to Just who is that guy?! so I have to start out looking like the puniest
dude around.
That guy's a nobody; that dude over there's no big deal; the guy
across from him is a runt; this chump's less than nobody... Damn,
there's just too many shitters.
But I'll be fine. Right now, I'm Mundane Mann.
After conducting my fair and impartial assessment, I determine I'm
still probably the least impressive of the lot.
As I nod in satisfaction, someone calls out to me.
"Hey, kid. You'd best give up now."
"Hmm?"
"If you don't, you'll die."
I turn and find a female dark knight standing behind me.
My heart pounds. Could it be that classic cliché?
"Who are you?"
"I'm Annerose. If you're planning on entering without thinking it
through, you'd be better off leaving now."
Annerose casts a stern glare at me.
When she does, I pump my fist internally.
166 | P a g e
I knew it... This is the scene that always happens when a weakling
tries to enter a big tournament.
"You're an amateur. I can tell just by looking at you."
Annerose walks toward me, then stops an arm's length away.
Her pale-blue eyes give off a stubborn vibe, and they match the color
of her shoulder-length hair.
"Your sword is cheap, and your body is frail."
Annerose lightly taps my weapon and chest with her index finger.
"The tournament is fought with dulled blades, but if you take it
lightly, you'll die."
She glares at me again.
I return her gaze and think for a moment. What would be the best
reaction...?
"You shouldn't go judging people by their looks," I end up saying,
then turn away.
The premise is that I look weak, but I'm secretly strong. It wouldn't
make sense for me to get all timid here.
It serves me best if she thinks I'm too cocky for my own good.
"Hey, there's no need to get snippy. I'm just trying to look out for
you, and..."
"Save your concern." I make my tone as confident as possible.
"You really need to..."
Suddenly, another man butts into our conversation. "Yo, kid. You
should listen to what the lady's telling ya."
If I had to describe his appearance, I'd say he looks like a rude pro
wrestler. On the other hand, the ease with which he wears the large
167 | P a g e
greatsword on his back and the battles' worth of scars etched across
his face make him seem more like a grizzled warrior.
Honestly, he's probably the strongest person nearby besides me and
Annerose.
"The name's Quinton. I've entered a couple of these Bushin Festivals,
but every year, there're some weak-ass punks who ruin the mood.
I'm begging ya here: Just run on home and suck on your momma's
titties."
When the people around us hear the bald-faced scorn that Quinton
is laying on me, the crowd whoops with crude laughter and hollers of
approval.
My only response is to cast a sidelong glance at Quinton and let the
corner of my mouth curl into a grin. "I'm stronger than you at least."
Quinton's face goes red.
"Ah-ha-ha-ha! Hey, Quinton! The kid's making fun of you!"
"Quinton, you gonna let that brat talk to you like that?!"
Goaded by the hecklers, Quinton frowns and hoists me up by the
collar.
"Yo, watch who you're mouthing off to. What was that about being
stronger than me?"
I offer no answer.
I merely grin.
"Looks like someone...needs to teach you a lesson!!"
As the words leave his mouth, Quinton hurls me back.
I crash into someone, collapsing onto the ground.
"Yeah, get him!!"
"Ah-ha-ha-ha! Go easy on the kid!!"
168 | P a g e
By now, a ring has gathered around us. That's ne'er-do-wells for you:
never ones to miss a fight.
"If you're gonna apologize, now's the time to do it," threatens
Quinton as he cracks his neck.
I shake my head. "Man, you really are third-rate."
"Your ass is grass!" Quinton brandishes his fist and charges at me.
His form is complete garbage.
To put it bluntly, the people of this world suck when it comes to
hand-to-hand combat. Or rather, they're stronger when they use
weapons. Unless one side either feels utterly assured of victory or
finds their backs against a wall leaving no other alternatives,
fistfights just don't happen that often.
If someone held a tournament where no one could use weapons, I
would end up winning. I'm pretty confident of that fact.
Countless strategies for what to do next pass through my mind.
Countering him with a right straight punch or a left hook would be
simple but effective. Stopping him with a jab or a front kick, then
hanging back, would be safe. Going on the defensive right away
would be even safer. There are other options, too—using my knees
or elbows is a strong choice, and tackling before hitting him while he
is down could also be good.
If he were a powerful foe I was planning on fighting seriously, I'd
probably go in with a jab. However, I wouldn't clench my fist;
instead, I'd hold my hand flat, extend my reach, and go straight for
his eyes.
Against this guy, though, there's no need to go that far. Plus...I don't
feel like fighting yet.
"Take that!!"
169 | P a g e
Quinton's fist sinks into my cheek.
It sends me flying, crashing into the wall of spectators.
"I ain't done with you yet!!"
Quinton's fists bear down on me.
Left, right, left, right, right, right.
I don't lay a finger on him, taking the blows and collapsing when I
feel that the timing is just right.
"Hey, that guy's weak! He's weak as shit!"
"Ah-ha-ha-ha! He got his ass beat!"
I bask happily in the jeers of the peanut gallery.
"What? Cat got your tongue? Spineless punk." Quinton looks down
at me and grins.
I look up at him and return the smile. "My fists are too valuable to
waste on you."
"Looks like someone hasn't learned his manners yet!"
"That's quite enough!!" Annerose stops Quinton's brandished fist
with her comment. "You're taking this too far. If you want to keep
having a go, you'll have to do it with me."
She looks up at him and glares.
"Hey, yo, that chick just said she'd 'have a go' with you!!"
"'Have a go' with me, too, lady!!"
Contrary to everyone around him, though, Quinton's expression is
grave. He clicks his tongue and turns around.
"What's wrong, Quinton? Gotta take a piss or something?"
"What? It's over already? Boo!"
170 | P a g e
Quinton leaves, and the crowd dissipates.
"I'm so sorry. I didn't think it would get that bad."
Annerose offers me her hand.
I ignore it and stand up on my own.
"If you were gonna stop him, you could have done it from the start.
Am I wrong?"
When she hears my question, Annerose flinches. "I figured it would
be better for you to take some licks here than suffer something
irreparable at the Bushin Festival proper, but he took it too far. How
badly are you injured?"
Annerose reaches out to touch me, but I hold up a hand and stop
her.
"I'm fine."
"No, you... What?"
It looks like she noticed. Despite the fact that I got beaten up six
ways to Sunday, I haven't sustained any notable damage.
My only wound is a small cut on my mouth.
I use my thumb to wipe away the blood, then turn my back on her.
"Been a while...since the last time I tasted my own blood...," I
murmur loud enough for Annerose to hear.
"...! Wait! What's your name?!"
I can feel Annerose's gaze burning into my back.
"...Mundane."
With that, I vanish into the crowd...
...and pump my fist.
Hell yeah!
171 | P a g e
Nailed it.
"Everyone looks down on him, but a select few notice there's
something strange about him...!"
I love that trope.
If you ask me, people who show off their true strength before a
tournament are third-rate.
After all, how are you supposed to enjoy yourself? What's the point
if you're just gonna reveal your true power in the most boring way
and place imaginable?
It's better if everyone thinks you're a chump until the actual battles
start. Then, once you actually get into the rounds, you can make
them think, Wait, he's kind of strong! And then, at the climax, that
transitions into No... He's got a lot of power! Now that's some firstrate stuff.
Controlling the audience's expectations right up until that decisive
moment is my mission during this Bushin Festival.
For a little while, I lurk behind cover while reflecting on what I just
pulled off.
Then, once I see that Annerose and the others are gone, I sneak back
into line and finish registering.
The Bushin Festival prelims start next week. I go back to looking like
Cid, spend some time gazing down from the top of the arena and
envisioning various outcomes for the tournament, then buy two
sandwiches from Tuna King and eat them on my way back to the
dorm.
172 | P a g e
As I walk a path lit by the setting sun, I suddenly remember I
promised to treat Alpha to Tuna King at some point.
Alpha seems like she's always busy, so we never actually got around
to it. Oh well. I'm sure I'll end up buying her that sandwich one of
these days. She's an elf, so she can easily live to three hundred, and
I'm planning on using magic to break two hundred. As long as I get to
it before we die, it's fine. No need to rush.
The closer I get to campus, the louder the cicadas get. Summer
evenings are their domain, after all. At least, that's how I like to
conceptualize it.
The academy glows in the evening light, and I can tell the restoration
work from the fire is progressing smoothly. At this rate, it'll finish up
right on schedule just as summer break ends. Once, Skel got riled up
and said, "I wish the whole damn thing had burned down," and I
couldn't help but agree with him. Heck, the whole student body was
hoping summer vacation would get extended, so I bet they felt the
same way.
I pass alongside the schoolhouse and head down the path to the
dorms.
There's no one around.
Most of the students went back to their homes. Actually, now that I
think about it, my sister got all pissed and told me to come home
with her, too. I ignored her and headed for the Sacred Land, of
course, but I wonder what became of her after that. She'll probably
be back around when the primary rounds of the festival start.
As those thoughts float through my mind, I shove the last bite of my
first sandwich into my mouth.
Then, I'm shaken from my reverie.
"Carelessness is the greatest of all foes, you know."
173 | P a g e
I feel a practice rapier's sheath tap on my shoulder. I don't feel any
murderous intent, so I don't bother responding.
The wielder of the sheath lets out a small chuckle and stows her
sword. She's an attractive young woman with honey locks and gentle
looks—Rose.
"Hey. Training?"
"Mm-hmm. I had some free time, so I came to get some swings in. I
see you went to Tuna King?"
"Yeah, I'm friends with the owner of one of the stores near it. I only
found that out recently, though."
"The three of us went there ourselves the other day. It was really
quite tasty."
"The three of you?"
"Yes. Me, Miss Natsume, and Alexia."
I'm still not sure what the three of them have in common, but now
that I think about it, I saw them together in the Sacred Land, too.
"Are you guys friends?"
"Miss Natsume and I get along wonderfully. And Alexia is a good
person, so I'm sure she'll come around."
I doubt she'll ever be able to befriend Alexia as long as Rose still
thinks of her as a decent person.
"Unfortunately, though, Alexia and Miss Natsume seem to be on
poor terms," she remarks sadly.
It's not hard to imagine Beta and Alexia in the same group. I feel like
they're cut from the same cloth. "I'm sure they'll get over it
eventually."
174 | P a g e
"I certainly hope so... If I ever have to leave, I'm concerned about
how they'd get along. We all have to work together. I don't know if
we'll be able to accomplish anything, but I do hope we're able to
change the world for the better."
"World peace is important, after all."
"Uh-huh." Rose smiles happily. "Oh, forgive me. It's getting late, and
I really have to go."
Little by little, our surroundings have grown darker.
"Cool. Catch you later."
"Um..."
Even though she just claimed she had to go, Rose looks like she
wants to say something.
"What's up?"
Rose hesitates for a moment. "I'm heading to see my father. He's
introducing me to my fiancé."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"Well, congrats...or not, I guess."
It's written all over Rose's face that this isn't what she wants.
"I'm a princess of the Oriana Kingdom. As such, I've lived my life
carrying the weight of various expectations, but out of selfishness, I
betrayed them."
"Uh-huh."
"After this, I may go on to betray them even further." Rose smiles
sadly. "This time, though, it won't be out of selfishness. I hope these
fears of mine don't come to pass, but...if something happens...will
you believe in me?"
175 | P a g e
"Yeah, sure."
"All I ask is that you believe in me, Cid, nothing more. I pray we'll
have another chance to talk like this."
Rose hangs her head, concealing her face, and turns to try and leave.
"Hey."
I call out to stop her, then hand her my other Tuna King sandwich.
"Here. You should try and relax a bit."
"Thank you."
Rose flashes me a gentle smile.
The next day, I'm woken up by Skel shouting.
"Rose, the student council president, stabbed her fiancé and ran
off!!"
Still lying in bed, I tilt my head. I wonder what made her want to go
and do that.
"What does that girl think she's doing...?" Alexia clicks her tongue.
Natsume makes a practical remark from the couch in Alexia's room.
"It appears Princess Rose fled to the north side of the capital. She's
probably still in the city."
Alexia casts an annoyed look at Natsume, then clicks her tongue
again.
It's thanks to Natsume that she's heard the particulars of Rose's
attempt on her fiancé's life. As inscrutable as Natsume is, her
176 | P a g e
information network is useful. She's even been able to dredge up a
number of rumors regarding the Cult of Diablos.
"King Oriana likely wants to deal with this matter internally. He's
asked the Midgar Kingdom not to get involved."
"That's suspicious."
"Very. Rose's actions fall under the jurisdiction of Midgar's laws, but
prosecuting her would have a pronounced effect on the relationship
between the two countries. Midgar will probably refrain from
intervening."
"True. My father will probably wait and see how things play out."
Alexia's father is a man who believes strongly in not rocking the boat,
and as his face floats to the front of her mind, she clicks her tongue
yet again.
"Rose's fiancé is Perv Asshat, the second son of one of the Oriana
Kingdom's dukes. If she's caught, I imagine her punishment won't be
light."
"She's royalty, so she won't get the death penalty, but she'll either
be imprisoned or exiled... Anyway, we should find Rose before the
Oriana Kingdom does so we can ask her what's up."
"Well, let's think about this. Princess Rose didn't discuss any of this
with us. It's possible she was trying to avoid getting us involved and
making this an international incident."
"So what?"
Natsume stares into Alexia's eyes. "I think we should avoid doing
anything reckless."
"You're saying we should abandon her?"
"I never said that. I just think we should consider our next move
before we act."
177 | P a g e
"What, so you're trying to say I'm not thinking?"
"I never said that. I just think we should take a little more time
weighing our options."
"What, so you think I'm a dumbass?"
"I never said that. I just think we each have our strengths and
weaknesses."
"What? If you've got something to say, just come out and say it
already!"
"Oh, I could never be so rude...," says Natsume. Her eyes dart
anxiously.
Alexia strides briskly toward her, then hoists Natsume up by the
collar. The two mounds on Natsume's exposed chest jiggle.
Alexia glares at her. "Don't go playing all innocent with me."
"Eek! P-please don't kill me...!"
Natsume squirms to try and get free, making her chest wobble even
more. Alexia notices there's a mole on one of those blobs, and it
pisses her off even more.
"See? You're doing this all on purpose."
"Eeeep..."
"I'll beat your ass."
"W-w-w-w..."
Natsume looks up with tears in her eyes, and Alexia clicks her tongue
and lets her go.
The author collapses onto the sofa.
"Rose must have had some reason for what she did, and I know she
was trying to keep us from getting wrapped up in it. That's what
pisses me off."
178 | P a g e
"Wh-what?" Natsume asks.
"When someone tells me not to do something, it makes me want to
do it even more, and when someone says they don't want me getting
involved in something, it makes me want to get in up to my neck."
"Um..." Natsume looks up at Alexia, unsure how to respond.
"We're allies. None of us really knows what lies in the others' hearts,
but we agreed we'd act as a team. Didn't we?"
"R-right."
"Since that's the case, I'm not going to abandon a teammate. That
means I'm not abandoning you, either. Got it?"
"...Yes." Natsume stands with her head downcast. "Then I'm going to
go collect information on Princess Rose. I've heard some unsavory
rumors about her fiancé, so I'll try digging there, too."
"Look who's cooperative. I'll start by consulting with my sister."
"Let's meet back up tonight to exchange intel."
"Wow, you get back on your feet quick."
"Until then."
"Oh, and stay safe out there."
"You, too, Princess Alexia."
Natsume bows, then takes her leave.
Alexia watches her go, then heaves a heavy sigh.
"Well, looks like I've got work to do..."
She smooths out her wrinkled clothes, then heads out after her.
179 | P a g e
180 | P a g e
181 | P a g e
The week ends, and the preliminaries for the Bushin Festival begin.
I'm currently watching the fights from the arena stands with Skel.
The sun is high in the sky, and attendance is sparse. Well, that's just
how these rounds are. In fact, the turnout is usually worse.
Yesterday, I had my second round of prelims. They weren't held in
the arena, though, but in a nearby meadow. You heard that right—
the first and second prelim rounds take place in a grassy field outside
the capital. There aren't any spectators, and the quality of
competition is abysmal. I knock both of my opponents out with
lariats, but it doesn't bring me a shred of joy.
The third round is when we finally get to fight in the actual arena. By
this point, the quality of the fights is starting to barely approach
respectability. There aren't many people watching, but honestly, it's
a surprise that there are even as many as there are. The Bushin
Festival's main attraction isn't the primary rounds, after all.
"By the way, what happened to Po?" I ask Skel. He seems to be
jotting down notes of some sort.
"He had to plow the fields back at his parents' place."
"Ah."
Skel continues fervently scribbling as he watches the fights. I spot a
necklace in the shape of a holy sword draped around his neck. It's
the souvenir I bought him back in the Sacred Land. I'm glad he's
actually wearing it, but it also makes me question his taste in fashion.
"What do you have going on there?"
"Collecting data on the battles. Noobs gamble on the fights with just
their gut, but I'm different. I make my bets based on stats,
probabilities, and hard data."
182 | P a g e
"Huh."
I glance at Skel's notepad.
The first few entries I spot read "seems strong," "seems weak," and
"hell if I know."
"You know, the trick to gambling is ending in the black," says Skel
boastfully. He keeps writing as he speaks.
"Who'da thunk?"
"See, when noobs gamble, they go ride or die on single fights. But
not me. I don't get attached to any one outcome. I count my fights
by the dozen—the more often I bet, the sooner the odds converge."
"Uh-huh."
"After all, I'm a man who always ends in the black..."
I yawn. "That's crazy, dude."
"It sounds like you're talking about something interesting."
Suddenly, another man appears behind me.
"We are?" I ask.
"It certainly sounded that way." The man, a showy blond hunk, grins.
"W-wait! I know you...!"
"You know this guy, Skel?"
"You're Goldy Gilded the Unbeaten Legend, right?!"
Goldy responds to Skel's glistening gaze by combing up his hair.
"That nickname is a little embarrassing. Call me Goldy Gilded the
Victorious Golden Dragon."
"O-of course! Goldy the Victorious Golden Dragon!"
I think Unbeaten Legend sounds cooler myself.
183 | P a g e
"So I see you're summing up data on the battles?"
"That's right!"
"That's some good thinking. I always make sure to do the same."
"R-really?!"
"Of course. To make sure I always win."
"That's so badass! Do you have any cool stories you could tell me?"
"Oh, one or two, I suppose."
I suspect it isn't gonna stop at just two.
My fight's coming up soon, so the timing is perfect.
"I gotta go take a dump."
"Hurry back so you don't miss anything."
I go to the toilet and don my disguise before heading to the entrants'
waiting room.
Skel is listening to Goldy Gilded the Victorious Golden Dragon's
theory on victory with rapt attention.
"For instance, I'll use this next fight as an example."
"Got it!"
The next challengers are being called to the arena.
"Round three, match twelve! Gonzales versus Mundane Mann!"
The two dark knights square off against each other.
"My theory holds that it's possible to figure out roughly how strong
each side is before the fight even starts. Let's start with Gonzales.
We can figure out his physical prowess by analyzing how balanced
his muscles are. Also, based on the glint in his eyes and his arrogant
184 | P a g e
disposition, he gives off an aura of a tough, experienced fighter. His
power level looks like it's around 1,364."
"P-power level?! What's that?!"
"By analyzing the battle data, it's possible to quantify someone's
combat capabilities—1,364 isn't bad."
"That's awesome!"
"As for his opponent, Mundane Mann...hmm."
Goldy Gilded the Victorious Golden Dragon casts a sharp stare
Mundane's way, then sinks into silence.
"Wh-what's the matter?"
"No...it's just that it's absurd. But...it's just so..."
"M-Mr. Goldy, sir?"
"Ah, forgive me. I lost myself a little there."
"Wait... Is Mundane really that...?"
"Yeah...that man, Mundane Mann...is unbelievably incompetent!"
Goldy Gilded the Victorious Golden Dragon bursts into laughter.
"Huh...? Incompetent?"
"It boggles the mind that he's made it as far as the third round! An
act of god, maybe?"
"H-he does look weak, I guess..."
"His face looks weak, his body looks weak—even his aura looks
weak! Mundane's power level is thirty-three! Ha! That's the lowest
I've ever seen for a dark knight!"
"So Gonzales is going to win?"
"Yeah, it's gonna be over in a heartbeat. Hell, the fight almost isn't
worth watching."
185 | P a g e
And with that, the round begins.
Gonzales is the first to act.
With surprising agility given his brawny build, he closes the gap and
bears down on Mundane.
His movements are far more refined than those showcased in the
other third-round matches. It appears Goldy's estimation of him as a
tough, experienced fighter was on the mark.
Mundane doesn't even react to Gonzales's slash.
Everyone is certain Mundane's defeat is imminent, but
then...Gonzales collapses.
Right before he reaches Mundane, he trips and tumbles down.
His head hits the ground, and he's out like a light.
The crowd goes silent. Surely, he's going to get up, they all think.
But Gonzales doesn't move a hair.
When Mundane sheathes his sword and turns around, the verdict is
finally called.
"Th-the winner is Mundane Mann!"
"Th-this is bullshit!!"
"We want our money back, jackass!!"
Boos pour from the crowd around Gonzales's unconscious body.
Unsure of how to react, Skel looks over at Goldy Gilded the
Victorious Golden Dragon.
"W-well, these things happen, too," says Goldy Gilded the Victorious
Golden Dragon. His cheek is twitching. "Battle data can give us an
idea of who will win, but when the chips are down, nothing is ever
certain. This was educational, I hope?"
186 | P a g e
"D-did you know this would happen...?"
"Heh..." Goldy Gilded the Victorious Golden Dragon doesn't offer him
a definitive answer. "Let me tell you a secret."
"Huh...?"
"There are two ways to win at betting. The first is figuring out who's
strong, then betting on them to win. The other is figuring out who's
weak, then betting on their opponents."
Goldy Gilded the Victorious Golden Dragon stands and turns to leave.
"Tomorrow is the fourth round, and the sixth match is Goldy Gilded
the Victorious Golden Dragon versus Mundane Mann."
"Wait! That means...!"
Goldy Gilded the Victorious Golden Dragon whirls around and points
at Skel.
"Can you...find the winning line?"
Then, he combs back his sparkling blond hair and makes his exit.
"He...he's so cool..."
Amazed, Skel watches Goldy Gilded the Victorious Golden Dragon
leave.
"I finished taking my dump."
A young, dark-haired man returns to his seat.
"Hey, Cid! There's a fight tomorrow with a guaranteed win. Let's go
all in!"
"What? No."
"C'mon! Just take my word for it!"
"Screw that."
"Tch, fine. Your loss, man!"
187 | P a g e
And with that, the two of them go back to watching the matches.
The fourth round of the Bushin Festival has begun.
Annerose is sitting in the front row of the stands, waiting for a
certain match to start.
Her pale-blue hair sways in the breeze, and her identically colored
eyes are fixed on the arena. There are more spectators than the
previous day, but the arena isn't even half-full.
"You came to watch that guy's fight, too, lady?"
Annerose hears someone call out to her and turns around. "I
remember you. You're..."
"Quinton."
Quinton still looks like a pro-wrestling villain and plants himself
beside Annerose.
"You saw his third round yesterday, right, lady?"
"I did. I take it you did, too?"
"Not on purpose, but I happened to catch it. Whaddaya make of
Mundane Mann's round?" Quinton stretches his legs as he asks
Annerose the question.
"It certainly didn't look like he just lucked out and his opponent
tripped."
"Yeah. That guy did somethin'. I don't have a rat's ass of a clue what
it was but thought you might. You're Annerose, one of Velgalta's
Seven Blades, after all."
For a moment, Quinton's arrogant gaze meets the steely glint in
Annerose's eyes.
188 | P a g e
Annerose immediately looks away and crosses her legs. Her white
skin is exposed beneath the slits in her skirt.
"I gave up that title. Now I'm just Annerose."
"My bad. Oh, and I know I'm late, but congrats on passing the
Goddess's Trial."
"Thank you."
"So you couldn't tell what Mundane did?"
"I—I couldn't." Annerose sounds a little sullen. "I didn't think there
was a chance I'd miss it, so I let my guard down. But...it looked like
his right hand moved."
"His right hand, huh?"
"I don't know what he did with it. All I know is that whatever it was,
he did it incredibly quickly."
"Huh. I guess that makes my guess wrong." Quinton exhales through
his nose, annoyed.
"Your guess?
"I figured he'd used some kinda banned artifact or something."
"Interesting... We can't fully rule that out."
"Either way, we'll know after the match today."
"I suppose we will. His opponent is Goldy Gilded the Unbeaten
Legend."
"Never heard of the guy, but I guess he's supposed to be famous.
Apparently, he's never lost a match."
A wry smile crosses Annerose's face. "Famous, yes. For better or for
worse."
"He strong?"
189 | P a g e
"Interesting question... I've fought in a number of different countries
before, both actual battles and tournaments in arenas like this. In my
time competing in tournaments, I've been matched up against Goldy
Gilded three times."
"Ah. And if Goldy's never lost...I guess that means he beat you."
Annerose glares at Quinton. "Don't be ridiculous. We never actually
fought. Whenever he's up against a strong foe, he simply drops out."
"What? The hell's up with that?"
"He's a man who'll never fight an opponent if he thinks there's a
chance he'll lose. He only fights those he knows he can beat, then
withdraws once he has to contend with anyone stronger. That's why
they call him the Unbeaten Legend—nobody has a chance to defeat
him. I hear he doesn't like the name, so he's been calling himself the
Victorious Golden Dragon."
"Unbeaten and victorious, huh? They sound similar but mean totally
different things." Quinton laughs. "So you're saying we shouldn't
expect much from our friend the Unbeaten."
The corner of Annerose's mouth curls upward. "I wouldn't be so
certain."
"Whaddaya mean?"
"Even fighting those he's sure he can beat, the Unbeaten Legend
places highly in his tournaments. He's even won a few of the smaller
ones."
"Ah...so it's not like he's weak." Quinton's gaze intensifies.
"Exactly. Figuring out the difference in strength between himself and
his opponent is the man's forte. And he chose not to run from
Mundane. In other words..."
Quinton laughs violently. "Ah, it's all coming together."
190 | P a g e
"Not even the Unbeaten Legend could tell how strong Mundane is."
"Either that or Mundane's just a coward who uses artifacts to cheat."
"And to add another twist, the Unbeaten Legend has only ever
fought those he knows he can best. He's never shown off the true
extent of his strength."
"Damn, things are starting to sound interesting."
"That they are."
Quinton smiles a beastly grin, and Annerose licks her lips.
Then, they both turn their attention to the arena.
Cheers and jeers flood the stadium, and Mundane Mann and Goldy
Gilded stare each other down.
Of all the spectators in the stands, only two understand the true
significance of this fight.
"Round four, match six! Goldy Gilded versus Mundane Mann!
Ready? Begin!"
Goldy seizes the initiative.
The moment the match starts, he immediately closes the gap.
Then, he swings his excessively decorated greatsword straight at
Mundane's neck.
His target, Mundane, hasn't even drawn his weapon yet. He's just
standing there, not even reacting.
Goldy, certain of his victory, flashes his pearly whites.
A loud crack rings out.
"Huh?"
191 | P a g e
Goldy lets out a small exclamation of surprise. But he's not the only
one—nobody in the stands is ready to believe what they just saw.
Goldy's sword passed clean through Mundane's neck, connecting
with air and air alone.
Goldy realizes his torso is wide open.
"Tch!"
His face twitches.
Offered that decisive window, Mundane finally moves.
And yet.
He merely draws his sword slowly from its sheath.
That's all.
His movements are sluggish, and he's completely overlooking this
nugget of opportunity. It doesn't seem like he's even noticed.
Goldy puts some space between them, then glares at Mundane and
spits out a few words. "You making fun of me?"
His annoyance is all too clear.
"Didja catch it?" Quinton asks Annerose over in the stands.
"Just barely." She continues staring at Mundane with the eyes of a
hawk.
"I knew ya were the real deal. I couldn't see shit. I thought the
Unbeaten Legend got Mundane's head good."
"Right. It wouldn't normally be possible to dodge the blow at that
point. But...before the sword hit him, Mundane cracked his neck."
Annerose's voice is filled with unconcealed shock.
192 | P a g e
"He cracked his neck? I don't follow."
"All he did was crack his neck. You know, like this." Annerose tilts her
neck to the side and cracks her joints.
"Nah, hold up. That doesn't make any sense."
"I know. But the moment he tilted his neck, it made that cracking
sound, and Goldy's sword missed."
"You're yanking my chain here! He tilted his neck to crack it and just
so happened to dodge the attack?"
"I think that's what happened."
"You're full of it! There's no way a coincidence like that's possible!!"
A serious look fills Annerose's eyes. "What if it wasn't a
coincidence?"
"What?"
"He cracked his neck so fast, even I would have missed it if I hadn't
been specifically watching him. A normal person can't do that."
Common sense held that people couldn't crack their necks so fast as
to render the motion invisible to the eye.
"Gah! You're right..."
"It's possible that dodging the sword was just an afterthought to
him. Mundane started with a desire to crack his neck while the
attack happened to be coming his way, so in addition to cracking his
neck, he also dodged it."
"Bullshit! That right there, that's impossible! Goldy's swing was fast!
You're trying to say the kid dodged it as an afterthought?!"
"I'm only half-certain myself. Maybe it was all just a coincidence. But
if it wasn't..."
"...! There's no way I'm gonna believe that!"
193 | P a g e
Goldy glares at Mundane.
"You piss me off. Right there, you just missed a golden opportunity.
You had a real shot at beating me, a once-in-a-lifetime chance, and
you let it slip away like it was nothing. Meanwhile, you're just
standing there cool as a cucumber." Goldy grinds his teeth. "You
should be mad. You should be grieving. You should be scratching and
clawing to try and win. The fact that you aren't is basically an act of
blasphemy against me."
Mundane just listens to Goldy in silence.
"Did you not even notice what you just missed? If that's the case,
then I guess I can't blame you. That's power level thirty-three for
you."
Goldy tries and fails to stifle a laugh.
"But hell if I'm gonna let myself lose face to a nobody like you. I'm
gonna come at you with everything I've got. So don't come
complaining to me if you die. Capisce?"
Goldy readies his sword, then begins gathering magic in its blade.
The air vibrates as the magic accumulates.
A murmur runs through the crowd.
"Here's a fact you can take with you to the grave: My power level's
four thousand three hundred."
And in one fluid motion, Goldy closes the distance between them
and strikes.
"Demonic Golden Dragon! Fatality Strike!!"
The wave of golden magic seems to take the form of a golden
dragon, devouring Mundane whole.
194 | P a g e
Or at least, it's supposed to.
Suddenly, an achoo! rings out, and the dragon vanishes.
"Blargh!!"
And as it does, Goldy gets sent spinning through the air.
The crowd stops murmuring.
Instead, they gape, dumbfounded, as Goldy crashes to the ground
and stops moving.
"Th-the winner is Mundane Mann!!"
As Mundane turns to leave, they're chanting his name in the stands.
195 | P a g e
196 | P a g e
"That Goldy Gilded guy wasn't no pushover..."
That's the first thing to leave Quinton's mouth post-match.
After hearing Annerose's description of the man, Quinton's opinion
of him had been low.
He hadn't expected Goldy to be capable of materializing his magic to
that extent.
That final attack of Goldy's had enough power that it wouldn't have
been surprising if he'd advanced to the finals.
"He was definitely more powerful than I thought. If he'd been aiming
for the top and actually took on stronger opponents, he could've
made an outstanding dark knight."
"So what'd Mundane do at the end there?"
Annerose crosses her arms, sighing. "If I'm not mistaken...he
sneezed."
"What?"
"The Golden Dragon must not have been too bright. When he
sneezed, he brought his sword down, and Goldy ran right into it."
"No, that doesn't make any sense. You're saying a sneeze beat a
dragon?"
"It certainly seems that way. Goldy said Mundane missed a golden
opportunity, but maybe Mundane didn't see it as one. He could have
taken Goldy down whenever he wanted. In other words, he didn't
need to seize every opening... Or maybe to Mundane, Goldy was
never not defenseless...?"
Just considering this sends shivers down Annerose's spine.
It's impossible.
197 | P a g e
At the end of the day, it is only a theory... She assumes she must
simply be wildly overthinking things.
"This is nonsense." Quinton scoffs, then aggressively abandons his
seat. "But hey, it was my bad for taking you seriously. I ain't never
gonna believe in that kid. Even if he keeps winning, he's gonna run
into me in the prelim finals. I'll show everyone what a poser he really
is."
Quinton casts one last glare at the Mundane-free arena, then leaves.
Annerose, on the other hand, stays seated and recalls Mundane's
movements.
"Would I be able to pull off the same moves...?"
Still sitting, she cracks her neck and sneezes.
She tries it again and again, each time faster and with fewer wasted
movements.
Crack, achoo, crack-achoo-crack!
"A-achoo..."
Then, conscious of the strange looks she's getting from the people
around her, she goes bright red and flees.
The Unbeaten Legend has finally been broken.
News of his defeat spreads among the tournament fanatics like
wildfire.
Even though it's still just the prelims, Goldy the Unbeaten Legend is a
dark knight to whom people pay attention. They are astonished to
hear he's lost to some nobody named Mundane, but their shock
dwindles when they are told how the fight went down.
198 | P a g e
Oh, sounds like he just won by some fluke.
That is more or less how most of the fanatics see it.
However, a few of them—along with some of the people who have
actually been watching the match—have doubts about how
Mundane is being assessed.
Because of that, they decide to attend Mundane's matches and
judge his strength firsthand.
"What's this?! Quinton is down!! And he's not getting back up!!
Mundane wins another match with a single blow!!"
The B-Block finals for the preliminary rounds end with Mundane's
victory.
Another one-hit win.
The fanatics can't figure out what to make of him. That day's victory
qualifies him for the primary rounds, but nobody is quite sure how
he's actually done it.
There's no way he could have won so many times off pure luck, so he
has to have at least some skill.
In fact, his opponent in the prelim finals, Quinton, was a dark knight
held in high estimation by the enthusiastic crowd. The fact that
Quinton lost to Mundane without being able to put up a fight leaves
the fanatics with little choice but to acknowledge Mundane's
strength.
However, because they can't figure out how he won, they can't really
pin down his true strength.
He's probably stronger than Quinton, but is he really fit to stand atop
the main stage?
He might be strong, but can he really stack up against the historic
winners of the Bushin Festival?
199 | P a g e
Arguments on the topic are heated.
In the end, most people decide he's probably on the weaker end
among the combatants scheduled to appear in the primaries.
Considering his lack of history, that's to be expected.
Everyone else has earned his or her reputation in tournaments or on
the battlefield, but Mundane has no notches in his belt to compare
against theirs.
Objectively speaking, Mundane has nothing that proves his worth.
So, of course, expectations for him are low.
Still, a couple of the fanatics think he's a dark horse.
Given the list of contestants this time around, it's pretty much a
guarantee that Iris is going to take the Bushin Festival this year, but if
anyone can upset her...it's probably the miracle boy whose strength
is yet unknown.
Such are the expectations being foisted upon Mundane as he leaves
the arena.
The primaries start the following week.
Round one is Mundane Mann versus Annerose.
Ninety percent of people expect Annerose to take the match.
As I leave the stage, I think how the older guy I fought today seemed
oddly feisty. His name was Qui...something or other. I could literally
feel the hostility emanating from him. It was kinda invigorating.
Now I've qualified for the primary rounds that start next week.
200 | P a g e
The crowd's been pretty unimpressed with me so far, but next week
is when I'm gonna show off my true strength, so I need to run
through some scenarios in the interim.
As I walk down the long hallway to the players' entrance and think
about my regimen for the coming week, a woman with pale-blue hair
steps in front of me. I'm pretty sure she's named Annerose.
"Can I help you...?"
"I never imagined you'd make it to the primaries. Good work."
Her firm gaze bores into me.
"It was a foregone conclusion."
"Uh-huh. I see I misjudged your strength, but that's it. I have one
warning for you."
"Yeah...?"
"I've seen through your movements. Don't expect to be able to beat
me the same way." A confident smile crosses Annerose's face.
"Heh..."
The corner of my mouth curls upward, and I pass by her indifferently,
as though to say There's nothing more to discuss.
I scream internally. Please call after me!
"What's so funny?" Annerose glares at me.
You're the best!
I look back over my shoulder and cast a glance at her. "I've got a
warning for you, too..."
With that, I take off the wristband I've been wearing in the hopes
that something like this would happen. I toss it at Annerose's feet.
Thud.
201 | P a g e
The band makes a hefty noise as it crashes to the floor.
"Th-those are... No way. You mean you had all these weights on you
when you were fighting...?!"
"These were the chains holding me back... But now, playtime is
over..."
Thud. Thud. Thud.
I remove the weights from my other wrist and both ankles, then start
walking off again.
"Wh—...? W-wait!"
This time, I don't stop.
"Wait, I said!"
Annerose frantically rushes in front of me.
"Don't think this means you've won. See, look..."
She cracks her neck.
And for whatever reason, she does it super-fast.
"I can do this, too, you know..."
"...I see."
Not at all following, I pass by Annerose and her triumphant
expression.
I wonder what she was trying to do just now.
202 | P a g e
203 | P a g e
204 | P a g e
It's a brisk summer morning.
As I gaze out my window at the clear blue sky, I stretch my arms
wide.
Then, I flop down on my bed with plans to idle away my day.
There isn't much summer vacation left.
Also, the Bushin Festival primaries start next week, so I gotta run
through some scenarios at some point.
However, the fact remains that people can't go on living if they don't
carve out time for lazing.
Okay, I might have just made that up.
It's still true for me, though.
"Hey, Cid! I've got big news, so open up!"
Suddenly, Skel starts banging on my door and shouting.
As two people grow familiar with each other, they will inevitably end
up annoying each other. Why is it that people seek out the company
of others, knowing it brings such grief? These are the kinds of
questions I'm forced to confront during one of the few summer
vacation mornings I have left.
Honestly, I'm kinda digging it. It feels like I'm one of those
masterminds who always keep others at arm's length.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming."
I unlock the door and greet Skel.
"Look, it's a wanted poster for President Rose. Ten million zeni if
she's captured alive and half a million for useful information on her."
205 | P a g e
"Huh." I take the poster from Skel and glance at it.
"Let's go catch her."
"Wait, why?"
"'Cause I'm broke." Skel's expression is one of abject desperation.
"Didn't you say you had some match that was guaranteed to go a
certain way?"
"I don't wanna talk about it."
"Weren't you gonna make bank off that?"
"Shut up. Look, I don't wanna get into the details, but I'm broke.
Which means I need money."
"I see."
"C'mon, man. You gotta help me."
"I don't wanna. Do it yourself."
"Wait. Think about it. It's way better for two people to search than
just one. Our odds of finding her will double."
"I mean..."
As Skel shakes me by the collar, I rapidly lose interest.
After all, I already decided I supported Rose embracing her rebellious
spirit and stabbing her fiancé. Always nice to see some enthusiasm,
that's what I say.
In other words, I'm pretty much rooting for Rose to escape.
"I'm begging you here!"
Skel is bowing his head in a rare display of supplication.
Right as I start to say, "Yeah, but...," the dorm supervisor's head pops
in. "Cid, your sister is here to see you."
206 | P a g e
"My who?"
"Your sister. She's waiting out front for you, so you'd best not keep
her there long."
After relaying the information, the supervisor leaves.
"Claire, huh...? I guess she's back."
I've got a bad feeling about this.
In the space of an instant, I weigh which of my two options sounds
like a bigger pain.
"All right, let's begin Operation: Capture Rose!"
"I knew I could count on you, Cid! This is why you're such a great
friend!"
I grab Skel by the scruff of the neck and open the window.
"Wait, Cid! What are you doing?"
"There's no time. We gotta take the window."
"Huh? Wait, what are you talking about?! Wait! No! Hey!!"
"Onward!"
And with that, I leap.
"Iris says she's grateful for your information and she looks forward to
working with you again."
"It's an honor," says Beta as she watches Alexia walk in front of her.
Alexia carries a magic lamp, and the two of them descend a dark set
of spiral stairs.
They've already come a decent way down. The air is damp and nippy,
reminding them that they're underground.
207 | P a g e
"It's probably safe to assume that Perv Asshat is connected to the
Cult," says Alexia.
"Agreed," replies Beta.
"The problem is we don't have any proof."
"That it is. And this is a matter of national and religious significance,
so normal evidence won't be enough."
"Don't I know it. My father made it abundantly clear—if we want to
link the Cult of Diablos to the Holy Teachings, we need something
that'll convince both the masses and our neighboring countries."
"And if we're pegged as heretics, we're done for."
"It's not like every follower of the Holy Teachings is involved with the
Cult. It's probably just a few members of their top brass."
"That's what makes this such a mess."
"Preach."
Their footsteps echo through the stairwell.
"My father has a long-standing policy of not getting into fights with
the Holy Teachings. I wonder what he plans to do about the Cult of
Diablos."
"He's going to keep ignoring them, I suspect."
"Keep ignoring them...?"
The sound of Alexia's footsteps skips a beat.
"Just a baseless theory of mine. Please forget I said anything."
"...Well, I can let it drop for now. My sister said something that
caught my attention, by the way. She said that King Oriana seemed
kind of hollow."
"Hollow, huh...?"
208 | P a g e
"It was my first time meeting him, so I wouldn't know the difference.
He also smelled sort of sweet, though."
A sweet aroma—Beta knows exactly what drug can cause that.
"It seems we might already be too late..."
"The Cult's definitely making their move, and given the way my
father is handling things, our country is bound to be next..."
The two go silent as they continue their descent.
"We're here." There's a large pit with a ladder right in front of where
Alexia's stopped. "It's one of the subterranean tunnels that run
beneath the capital. You've heard of these, right?"
"I have, in fact. The tunnels were built beneath the entire capital so
the royal family could escape in a pinch."
"Exactly. Many of the maps, keys, and ciphers went missing, so now
it's basically just a labyrinth."
"So why come here?"
"To get rid of you." Alexia grabs the sword hanging from her waist
and...laughs. "Just kidding. Nothing shakes you, does it?"
"Eep! Please don't kill me...!"
"There's a good chance Rose used these tunnels to make her
escape."
Beta feels a little upset at having her brilliant performance ignored.
"I'm going to go look for her." Alexia grabs the ladder, prepared to
immediately head down.
"Um, would you mind waiting a moment?"
"Why?"
"Have you told anyone where you're going?"
209 | P a g e
"Of course not. They would have tried to stop me."
"You say it's like a labyrinth down there. Are you confident you'll be
able to find your way back out?"
"Oh, that's easy. I'll just come back the way I came."
"Um, I'm not quite sure how to put this politely, but could you find it
in yourself not to drag me into danger on ill-conceived whims?"
"Nope."
The two of them glare at each other for a few beats.
"If you have complaints, you're free to leave."
With that, Alexia leaves Beta there and begins descending the ladder
on her own.
Beta strongly considers taking her up on that offer, but she can't let
Alexia die just yet.
"Protecting her is part of your job, too, Beta," she mutters quietly,
then follows the princess down.
It's early in the morning, and I'm walking around the capital.
Skel ran off somewhere, saying he was gonna gather information.
In this world, people get to work as soon as the sun rises.
The main drag is already up and at 'em.
I said I'd help him search for Rose, but I'm not planning on taking this
very seriously. I still want her to make it out safely, but pretending to
look for her seems like a decent way to idle the day away.
I do kinda want to find out what provoked her rebellious spirit
enough to end up stabbing her fiancé, though. If possible, I'd like to
ask her about it in person.
210 | P a g e
One way or another, I'll be happy as long as I can kill some time.
Rage tends to dwindle as the hours and days wear on, and my sister
definitely needs some time to cool off.
As those thoughts float through my mind, I hear the sound of a piano
coming from somewhere.
"Mmm..."
To tell you the truth, I'm pretty decent at playing the piano.
Back in my previous world, I practiced it so I could become a better
shadowbroker. Okay, sorry, that's a lie. My parents forced me to
learn as part of my educational regimen.
My motivation was pretty much nil, as I would have much rather
been spending my time training to become a mastermind than
practicing the piano. That desire, however, was no match for the
almighty educational regimen.
Even so, while my piano lessons may have commenced under
protest, I started hating it less and less as I kept it up.
After all, just knowing you're good at piano fills people's heads with
all sorts of preconceived notions.
When he gets home, he'll be super-busy practicing, they all think.
I kept my social commitments to an absolute minimum so I could
become a shadowbroker, so that false assumption came in real
handy.
Also, I realized that piano fit the aesthetic.
A mastermind playing piano under the moonlight... Sounds nice,
right?
You make them think you aren't just strong but cultured, too.
It's so good...
211 | P a g e
When I realized that, I started taking my practice seriously.
My top priority was still my training, but I just couldn't get the image
out of my mind of me playing the piano to set the mood before a big
battle.
Because of that, I ended up getting pretty decent at it, if I do say so
myself.
"Not bad, not bad...," I murmur.
Whoever's playing right now is pretty decent themselves.
Beethoven's Piano Sonata no. 14, the "Moonlight Sonata," huh...?
I'm a big fan of this piece. In fact, it's my favorite—the composition
gives off the best vibe for a budding mastermind.
Even though I'm pretty sure I could take them in a "Moonlight
Sonata" contest, the current instrumentalist's rendition has a unique
flair.
"This is pretty good... It's like I can see the moonbeams in my mind...
Even though it's morning..."
As I do my whole shtick to get myself in the mood, I finally realize
something.
Isn't it weird for someone in this world to be playing one of
Beethoven's pieces?
A serious look crosses my face as I wade through the crowd and head
in the direction of the music.
I'm gonna be honest.
I have a pretty good idea of what's going on.
I'm not an idiot, after all.
I can hear the tune coming from the café on the first floor of one of
the capital's foremost hotels.
212 | P a g e
Security is so strict, the riffraff can't so much as get in the door, but
they recognize me and wave me through.
I step inside just as the woman with hair the color of a clear lake is
finishing her performance.
"Epsilon..."
She's wearing a sleeveless dress, but it covers just enough of her
chest to hide the slime. As expected.
Her legs are clad in tights to avoid showing her skin, and the fact that
her shoes have insoles to make her taller is well concealed.
Her work is perfect.
When I approach her, she seems to notice me.
Epsilon bows to the customers, then leads me into a side room.
She closes the door and smiles.
"Did you listen to my performance, my lord? How embarrassing..."
Her face reddens a little, and she looks at me with puppy-dog eyes.
That isn't enough to fool me.
"Epsilon, that was the 'Moonlight Sonata,' right?"
"Yes, it's my favorite out of all the many pieces you taught me."
"Really? It's my favorite, too."
It's not like I meant to teach her, but it's always kind of gratifying
when you discover someone else likes the same things as you.
"Thanks to you, my lord, I've been able to develop a number of
powerful connections as both a pianist and a composer."
"Wait, a composer...?"
"Of course. 'Moonlight Sonata,' 'Turkish March,' 'Minute Waltz'..."
213 | P a g e
Epsilon goes on to boast about how she put out a number of famous
modern and historic pieces, gained popularity among the aristocratic
class, won various awards, and was invited to migrate to some
artistic-minded nation.
Sorry, Beethoven, Chopin...and all you other famous composers.
In this world, all the credit for your work went to Epsilon.
"...And my last concert was received wonderfully. The next job I'm
heading for is in the Oriana Kingdom. As you're well aware, there's a
lot to be done there..."
"Right, 'cause they value the arts."
"That they do... And this time, in particular, there's a very important
job I have to take care of there." Epsilon smiles bewitchingly.
"Well, go break a leg."
"I'll try my best to complete my job successfully and give a
performance worthy of your sublime compositions, my lord."
Epsilon gives me a graceful bow.
"Oh, right, apropos of nothing, but do you have any idea where
Princess Rose is?"
"Princess Rose, you say. Beta was in charge of that incident, but as
far as what I know goes...I did hear she'd fled underground, beneath
the capital. You could try asking Beta for more specifics..."
"Oh, no worries. That's plenty to go off of." If I'm lucky enough to run
into Rose, maybe I'll get a chance to chat with her. "Thanks. Uh..."
As I look at Epsilon's smile, I try to think of what to say to thank her.
I was super-happy when she said she liked the "Moonlight Sonata,"
so she'll probably feel the same way if I say something she wants to
hear, too. "Your figure looks great, as always."
214 | P a g e
"O-oh, no—no—no, i-it really doesn't! I'm still working on it...!"
Unable to keep looking at Epsilon's face, I turn my attention to the
scenery outside the window.
This is how the world goes round, I think as I gaze at the endless blue
summer sky.
Rose walks down the dark underground tunnel.
Blood is still trickling from the wound she sustained on her back
during her escape. The cut isn't deep, but it definitely isn't shallow,
either.
It should have been treated immediately, but Rose's pursuers
haven't given her time to indulge in such luxuries.
Instead, she's focusing her magic on the wound to prevent it from
getting any worse. As time presses on, though, the pain grows and
her stamina dwindles.
Her breathing is shallow.
As she keeps an eye out for her assailants, her mind keeps racing.
What had been the right thing for her to do?
What would have brought about the best outcome?
The questions spiral around in her mind, but no answers seem
forthcoming.
Stabbing Perv, her fiancé, had been a spur-of-the-moment decision.
She hadn't done it impulsively, though. She'd used the limited time
she had to figure out her best option, then acted on it...or at least,
she'd tried to.
But she'd failed.
215 | P a g e
Perv had survived, and she had to flee.
However, it was only a failure in hindsight. She'd misjudged Perv's
skill, but the choice to eliminate him hadn't been wrong in and of
itself.
In fact, she'd had no choice. The moment she'd seen her father's—
King Oriana's—lifeless eyes, she knew she had to get rid of Perv. In
her estimation, all the rumors—Perv's connection to the Cult and the
empty puppet that was left of her father—had changed to fact.
That was why she'd drawn her blade.
Had she been overly impulsive?
Had she acted in haste?
Could she really say she hadn't been spurred on by impatience and
rage?
Rose had thought she was making the rational choice.
She hadn't wanted to rely on Alexia and Natsume. After all, the
Oriana Kingdom had to resolve the matter internally. That had only
been a hunch, but Rose had been confident in it.
And politically, at least, she'd been right.
Her gambit had ended in failure because of it, but it was still Rose's
mistake and the Oriana Kingdom's problem. The Midgar Kingdom
still hadn't gotten wrapped up in the mess. She'd subconsciously
dodged the worst-case scenario.
It was just a matter of time, though, before that came to pass, too.
The words Perv yelled after her as she'd fled echo within her ears.
"Turn yourself in before the Bushin Festival ends! Or I'll make King
Oriana kill one of the other guests of honor!"
216 | P a g e
If King Oriana really did kill another dignitary like Perv said...it would
mean war. Rose isn't sure how serious he was about that, but it's
possible the Cult only sees King Oriana as a minor pawn.
And if that's the case...
Rose grinds her teeth. Her face contorts in anguish.
Her father is no brilliant leader, and Oriana is no vast kingdom.
To her, though, they're the only father and motherland she has.
All she wanted was to protect them.
But that desire led to impatience.
Rose slams her fist against the tunnel wall.
At the end of the day, she let her emotions get the better of her and
acted impulsively. She'd thought she could just kill Perv and fix
everything, but that had been naive.
Perv was nothing more than a sacrificial pawn. She should have
realized how deep the Cult's roots ran throughout Oriana and that
killing him wouldn't accomplish anything.
There has to be some other option...some magical action she can
take that would fix everything...
Rose slumps onto the damp ground.
Implausible scenarios dance through her mind, taunting her. If only
she'd done something cleverer and everything had lined up neatly...
But now, it's all over. She isn't even sure why she's fleeing.
What good would escaping do her?
What would it change?
Shouldn't she turn herself in?
Yeah...that'd be for the best.
217 | P a g e
"I see... All I have to do is turn myself in."
She still doesn't know what the optimal course had been then.
However, her best option now is simple.
By turning herself in, she can at least prevent a war.
Thinking that makes her feel a little better. At the same time, she's
assailed with sorrow and grief, as though she's lost something
precious to her.
Rose pulls the Tuna King wrapper from her pocket. She ate the
sandwich long ago, but it still smells faintly of bread.
It reminds her of a certain boy with black hair. He's almost certainly
heard what's happened by now. She wonders what he thinks of it.
Is he worried about her?
Does he still believe in her?
Is he perhaps...searching for her himself?
If she'd been able to kill Perv and bring the king back to his senses...
If a future existed where everything had gone right... Would she have
been able to marry him and live out her life by his side?
That is, no doubt, what she's been dreaming of.
"I'm sorry..." Rose chokes out the words.
A single tear rolls down her cheek.
Her actions had shattered that picturesque dream into pieces.
Rose delicately folds up the Tuna King wrapper and puts it in her skirt
pocket. She thinks of it almost as her dream's last remaining
fragment.
"Ow...!"
A sharp pain runs through her chest. When she parts her clothes to
look at it, she finds a series of dark bruises.
218 | P a g e
It's a symptom of the possession. The bruises only appeared
recently.
Rose hangs her head and lets out an empty laugh. Her dream was
never destined to come to fruition.
Suddenly, a small noise reaches Rose's ears.
Is it her pursuers' footsteps?
No—it's too gentle, too lovely to be footsteps. When she strains her
ear, she recognizes it as a piano.
"'Moonlight Sonata'...?"
She's well versed in music, so she's familiar with the piece. The
composition received unusually high praise, even in Oriana, a
kingdom of the arts, and now she can hear it coming from the end of
the tunnel.
"It's beautiful..."
It's as though the "Moonlight Sonata" is all there is.
The performance is polished to a profound degree of perfection,
almost as though the pianist's entire life was spent building up to this
one piece.
Rose follows the music toward the source as if a ray of moonlight is
beckoning her.
The tunnels are referred to as the capital's underground labyrinth,
but they feel less like a labyrinth and more like ruins. The walls are
made of sturdy stone and covered in carvings and ancient glyphs.
Each has a number of doors in it, but the majority of them don't
open. Maybe they need keys, or perhaps some mechanism inside the
ruins is stuck.
Rose can hear herself getting closer to the piano.
219 | P a g e
When she turns the corner, she discovers a massive, dilapidated
door.
The noise is coming from beyond it.
When she slips through one of the door's large holes, she finally
reaches the source of the music.
She's in a cathedral filled with fantastical light. On the wall, there's a
set of stained-glass windows depicting the heroes and a
dismembered demon.
Light rains down from beyond the stained glass.
It's all centered on a grand piano.
"Shadow..."
He's the one playing "Moonlight Sonata" in the abandoned
cathedral.
Rose closes her eyes and takes in the beautiful melody.
Shadow's "Moonlight Sonata" is different from all the other
renditions Rose has ever heard. The composition is the same, but
thanks to the instrumentalist, the tone is different.
Shadow's "Moonlight Sonata" is one of darkness.
The deep, permeating darkness of the night with a single ray of light
shining through it.
Perhaps that ray is coming from the moon, or perhaps...
The piece reaches its conclusion before Rose can come up with an
answer.
She takes in the music's final reverberations, then claps.
Her solo applause echoes through the cathedral.
Shadow, of course, hears it. He rises from his seat and replies with an
elegant bow.
220 | P a g e
"Shadow, that was..."
When Rose gets to that point in her sentence, though, she realizes
that she doesn't know what to say next. She just knows she has to
say something or Shadow will leave.
"That was, without a doubt, the finest rendition of 'Moonlight
Sonata' I've ever heard. Um..."
Rose finds herself wondering what she's trying to get at.
This isn't what she needs to ask him.
"What have you wrought...?" Shadow's voice echoes like it's coming
from the abyss itself.
"What...?" Rose thinks for a moment, then understands. He's asking
why she did what she did. "I..." She casts her gaze down, then chokes
out the words. "I just wanted to protect everyone... I wanted to
reach a happier future... But I couldn't make that happen...!"
"Is this where it ends...?"
"What...?"
"Is this where your fight ends...?"
"It's not like...I wanted it to end here..."
Rose clenches her fists.
She wanted to make things better. She still does, even now. But
there's nothing left that she can do.
"If you have the will to fight...then I shall bestow it upon you," says
Shadow. Bluish-purple magic gathers atop his palm. "I shall grant you
power..."
"Power...?"
The bluish-purple magic flares, casting its radiance over the entire
cathedral. The air trembles from the magic's density.
221 | P a g e
"Will I be able to change the future...with your powers?"
"That depends on you."
Rose suddenly realizes she's drawn to the magic. If she was as strong
as Shadow...she'd be able to change everything.
If she had power...then there were things she'd still be able to do.
Things that, as a princess of the Oriana Kingdom, she had to do.
Light returns to her eyes.
"I want it... I want power..."
"Very well..."
And the bluish-purple magic bursts.
It makes a beeline for Rose, then plunges into her chest and body.
The power's warmth suppresses her raging magic and settles it. It
was heavy and uncontrollable a moment ago, but now she can
command it with ease.
"It's amazing..."
Her voice is full of sincerity.
So this is Shadow's magic...
This is the world he sees...
"Revolt... And prove to me...that you have the strength to fight
alongside me."
She suddenly realizes she can't see where Shadow's gone.
His voice is the only thing left of him still in the cathedral.
"Remember... True strength comes not from power but from the way
you live your life..."
And with that, Shadow's presence vanishes completely.
222 | P a g e
Rose finds herself alone in the cathedral.
She can hear her pursuers' footsteps. She can sense the subtle
movements in the air.
Unprecedented amounts of magic are churning within her body.
She had been prepared to let them catch her, but with this
power...she still has a hand to play.
Rose draws her rapier and stares at the broken door.
A group clad all in black bursts through it...and blood fills the air.
They die before they can even perceive Rose's blade.
Having drenched the cathedral in blood, Rose stows her rapier and
closes her eyes.
This must be how Shadow has fought against the Cult. Unseen and
unceasing.
Rose is reminded of Shadow's rendition of "Moonlight Sonata."
She feels as though she finally understands what the sole ray of light
amid the darkness means.
Perhaps the light is Shadow himself.
He isn't the darkness but the light standing against it.
That's how Rose sees it, at least.
"If we keep rolling out this string, we'll be able to find our way back
just fine." Alexia strides forward through the underground labyrinth.
"I can only hope you're right about that," replies Beta from behind
her. She yawns.
"Wait, did you just yawn?"
223 | P a g e
"Why would I do that? I will say, though, it's already been more than
half a day. Would you consider turning back? It seems most unlikely
that she's even down here."
"Maybe you're right. I was pretty confident in my source, though..."
"Once we get back, we can try digging around for information again."
Their footsteps echo through the lamplit tunnel.
It continues on monotonously.
Suddenly, Beta senses a powerful burst of magic and stops in her
tracks.
Alexia stops a beat slower and whirls around.
"Just now...someone was using magic. And a lot of it..."
"It could have been Princess Rose."
"Wait, did you notice it before I did?"
"Only by chance. And the only magic I can perform myself is
defensive."
"Well, if you say so. We should hurry."
The two of them rush toward the magic.
After passing through a massive, broken door, they find themselves
in an old cathedral.
"Rose..."
Rose is standing there with her eyes closed.
Strewn at her feet are a group of corpses all clad in black. Seeing that
Rose is clearly different than normal, Alexia stops in her tracks.
"Alexia, is that you...?" Rose slowly opens her eyes.
"What is with your magic...?"
224 | P a g e
"I've obtained power...and now, I have to follow through on my
beliefs."
With that, Rose strides past Alexia.
"W-wait! What's going on?! Why did you stab your fiancé?!"
Rose looks over her shoulder. "Alexia...I'm sorry. I don't want to get
you wrapped up in this." She gazes at her as though something is too
bright.
"Please tell me why! At the very least! If you don't, I won't know
what's going on!"
"If I tell you, you'll be part of it."
Alexia returns Rose's look with a glare. "Back at the Sanctuary...we
were all powerless. We were just there, spectating. We didn't even
know who was in the right and who was in the wrong. We only knew
that if we stayed in the dark, we'd eventually lose everything we held
dear... That's why we got together and talked. We agreed we'd
protect that stuff together, the three of us."
As Rose listens to Alexia's speech, she looks as though she's gazing at
something distant and hazy.
"I believed in what we said that day, so why are you looking at me
like that? Do you think I'm just a spectator, too?"
"I'm sorry..."
"Answer me!"
Rose offers Alexia a sad smile. "It's too late for me to go back. That's
why...I'm jealous of you."
"I don't follow. You're jealous of an ignorant spectator?"
"That's not what I mean. I've already lost so much, and I'm sure I'll
lose even more. People will disavow me, call me evil."
225 | P a g e
"What are you planning on doing...?"
"I'm sorry... I have to go."
Rose makes to leave, but Alexia clicks her tongue to halt her in her
tracks. "Stop right there."
With that, Alexia draws her sword. "Enough of this. I'll just make you
listen by force. I'm no spectator."
Rose draws her rapier in kind.
The two of them stare at each other. Alexia's red eyes are filled with
rage, Rose's honey eyes with a deep sadness.
The tip of Rose's rapier twitches.
Then, they move in unison.
Their reactions are simultaneous, their speed is identical, and their
overall skill is a perfect match.
For an instant, surprise colors Rose's face. She's supposed to be the
strongest dark knight in the academy. There's supposed to be a
definitive gap between her skill and Alexia's. That was true when she
enrolled, at least.
In that tiny time frame, though, Alexia's sword work has progressed
so rapidly, it's nigh unrecognizable. It bears a striking resemblance to
the style of a certain man.
That's right, Alexia's technique...is Shadow's.
The two blades collide.
Magic explodes, covering the cathedral.
The two of them are evenly matched, yet the result is clear.
Alexia's sword goes flying into the air, and Rose strikes her in the
chin with her rapier's hilt.
Alexia crumples.
226 | P a g e
Rose simply has more magic.
If Alexia's magic had been on the same level...who can say how the
fight would have gone?
"I'm sorry."
Rose apologizes to Alexia one last time, then stands to leave.
That's when she notices Natsume.
Oddly, Natsume has been completely outside of Rose's view.
"Miss Natsume... I'm sorry, but I have to go."
"I won't try to stop you. I don't have the right."
Natsume's expression is impossible to read.
Rose remembers Natsume as having been a much softer person than
this.
"But...I will say that this is a surprise. Even idiots have their worries, I
see. We may have come from different countries, belonged to
different organizations, possessed different dispositions, and held
different beliefs. Nevertheless, we were all working toward the same
goal. Maybe this alliance of ours wasn't so bad after all..."
"Miss Natsume...?"
"Godspeed. Someday, our paths will cross again... Until then, I have a
little more babysitting to do."
With that, Natsume kneels and starts tending to Alexia.
"Miss Natsume, who are...?"
"You'd best be on your way. She's only fainted, so she'll be up any
minute now."
Natsume grins impishly.
There are so many things Rose wants to ask her.
227 | P a g e
It's clear, though, that neither of them has any intention of saying
more.
"Farewell..." Rose turns, then vanishes.
Natsume lays Alexia's head on her lap and sighs.
"Is this what you've chosen, Master Shadow...?"
The stained-glass depiction of the three heroes and the demon's
tragic form seems as though it's hinting at something.
228 | P a g e
229 | P a g e
230 | P a g e
It's difficult to sustain any emotion over a long period of time.
Even if you lose something precious to you, you won't be as sad
about it in ten years. Emotions fade by nature.
Positive ones are no different. It's impossible to make a single
moment of joy or happiness last for a decade, either. Even anger
diminishes with time.
And thus, I have a theory I'd like to propose.
Most interpersonal problems will solve themselves given enough
time, which means it's fine to ignore them.
"Do you know what I was thinking as I waited for you outside your
dorm?"
"Nope."
I answer the intruder's—Claire's—question honestly in my room.
It seems one day wasn't enough.
I guess my sister needed longer to cool off.
"I visualized beating you to a pulp. In my mind, I could see myself
hitting you over and over and over and over. But my anger still
doubled every second you kept me waiting."
"I see."
Discovering there's a type of anger that grows with time has been a
valuable learning experience for me. But people eventually die. Even
though my sister is furious, she won't be able to sustain those
feelings to the grave. In other words, time is still the ultimate
solution.
231 | P a g e
"But you probably don't even care."
"What? No. That's not true."
I gaze up at the ceiling of my dorm room as my sister sits atop my
chest and strangles me.
Her red eyes and black hair flicker in and out of my vision.
"Wanna test to see how long someone can survive without air?"
"When you strangle someone, they pass out because you're cutting
off the blood flow through their carotid artery. Air doesn't have
anything to do with it."
"Oh, I see. Well, whatever."
Her grip tightens.
Actually, this is great. I can just go limp and take a nap.
"You're thinking of going limp and taking a nap, aren't you?"
"O-of course not."
"It's written all over your face."
"I'm sure you're just imagining things."
"The next time you break a promise to me, I'll make you pay.
Understood?"
"I will do my best to become a man who upholds his promises. Now,
would you mind getting off?"
Claire removes her hands from my neck, but she's still sitting astride
me.
"They say you're supposed to sit on your dogs when you're teaching
them who's boss."
"Oh, I see. Don't worry. I'm well aware of the pecking order here."
"Nope. I don't like your attitude."
232 | P a g e
With that, Claire drops a piece of paper on my face.
"What is this...?"
I look at it and discover it's a ticket.
"A reserved seat for the Bushin Festival. You can't get your hands on
them anywhere."
"Huh."
"I'm giving it to you so you can go watch the fights and learn
something. I think there's hope for you."
"I dunno..."
"I see promise in you, and that's why I'm going to help you practice.
If you put in the work, you're sure to see something come out of it.
And I'm ordering you to put in the work."
"No. I can't."
"You can. Are we clear? And you're coming and watching the
festival."
"Okay, okay."
"Excellent." Claire stands up, still looking a little displeased.
"Oh, right. You aren't participating this year, right?"
"Excuse me?" Claire glares at me with murder in her eyes. "I'm
entering as Princess Rose's replacement as the academy
representative. Don't tell me you didn't know that your own sister
was participating."
"O-of course I knew. I—I was just double-check—Urk!"
Claire reaches out with her right hand and grabs my neck in a claw
grip.
Then, she leans in and glares at me. You know, that thing delinquents
do when they're trying to intimidate someone.
233 | P a g e
"By the way, you remember my birthday, right?"
"O-of course."
"I would hope so. And you've memorized all my tournament
results?"
"O-of course."
"And the day I won my first tournament?"
"Y-yeah."
"Good. There are some things you should really make sure not to
forget. Things you'll want to remember...if you want to live a long
and happy life."
I bob my head up and down.
Claire gives my head a good rap, then releases me.
"I'm going to take the trophy this year, so you'd better make sure
you're there."
"Yeah, absolutely."
As she leaves my room, she continues glaring at me until she rounds
the corner.
"Man, I'm tired."
The primary rounds finally start tomorrow.
"Guess I should get some visualization exercises in."
With that, I close my eyes.
It's the start of a new week, and the Bushin Festival primaries are
here.
234 | P a g e
Apparently, Claire went to the venue ahead of me. I hold the ticket I
got from her and search for my seat.
The ticket in question is covered in extravagant gold leaf, so it
definitely has that "reserved seat" feel to it. After following the
directions on its back, I find myself in front of a room guarded by an
ostentatious door. For some odd reason, it's segregated from the
general spectator area.
This can't possibly be it, I think. After checking with the staff member
standing by the door, though, I find that it can.
They lead me inside with utmost politeness, and the moment I enter
the room, I immediately want to leave.
These aren't just reserved seats. These are the hyper-VIP.
Everywhere I look, I see the faces of famous aristocrats and their
families. The who's who of the academy is all here, as are the
daughter of the current leader of the dark knights, who was in
section one of Royal Bushin with me, and the hot second son of a
duke. Everyone here is notable in some way.
When I get to my seat, I find myself sitting next to royalty.
"Oh, and who might you be?"
It's a woman with fiery red hair and eyes: Alexia's older sister,
Princess Iris Midgar.
"My name is Cid Kagenou. It would appear I'm sitting in the wrong
seat. Please excuse me."
I perform a beautiful spin and try to retreat.
"Oh, Claire's younger brother. I guess that must mean you're the one
she gave the ticket to."
"...You know my sister?"
235 | P a g e
My escape attempt ends in failure. If a member of the royal family
starts talking to me, it's not like I can just ignore her. Alexia being the
exception, of course.
"I do. We became close during my sister's kidnapping. I'm planning
on having her join my Crimson Order after she graduates. Do have a
seat."
"Oh, I couldn't..."
"You have the number correct. Please make yourself comfortable."
"...Thank you."
Princess Iris's sincere smile pains me. If only her smile had been as
full of malice as Alexia's, I could have just flipped her off and bailed.
"Claire has told me so much about you. I'm a little jealous of the
bond you two share."
"I think you might be overstating our relationship."
"Oh, that reminds me. You were friends with Alexia, weren't you?"
"Friends is...one way to put it. It's more like I pick up the gold coins
she chucks on the ground."
"The coins she chucks on the ground?" Iris repeats.
"You know, like when you toss a stick and get your dog to fetch it."
"Oh, so the two of you played with a dog together? Thank you for
taking such good care of her."
"We didn't play with a dog. I was the... You know what, never mind.
Actually, those gold coins came from the royal coffers, so I should be
the one thanking you for taking such good care of me."
Upon hearing that, Princess Iris beams happily.
"It sounds like you and my sister are like two peas in a pod."
"Yeah, no, that's definitely not how I'd put it."
236 | P a g e
"You know, Alexia was supposed to be here today, but she suddenly
said she didn't want to come at the last minute..."
"Ha-ha. Is that so?"
"I'm really sorry about that."
"Oh, no, no, no. Please, don't worry about it. I mean it."
I make ample use of the free beverage service as we talk.
The daughter of the dark knights' leader joins our conversation.
"Princess Iris, which contestant do you have your eyes on this year?"
The duke's hot second son pipes up. "I'm interested in your
thoughts, too."
Apparently, the two of them know Iris through Royal Bushin.
"Well, they all look quite strong, but if I had to pick one"—Iris
touches her cheek as she thinks—"it would be Annerose, the former
member of Velgalta's Seven Blades. I recognize many of the other
faces from past Bushin Festivals, but this is her first year competing.
When I watched her preliminary matches, I could tell she was strong.
I'm looking forward to facing her in the second round if we both
make it that far..."
She smiles, full of confidence.
"I watched her fights, too, and man, is she strong. If we fought right
now, I doubt I could beat her..."
"Yeah, me, too, but I'm sure Princess Iris can take her. The Royal
Bushin method has been getting a bad rap ever since the terrorist
attack. If Princess Iris wins here, though..."
"Hey, don't go putting that pressure on her."
"No, that's not what I meant..."
237 | P a g e
As the two of them start arguing, Iris cuts in. "It's fine. I was planning
on winning from the outset, after all. I'm prepared to carry the
weight of the Royal Bushin method, as well as this very country, on
my back."
I feel bad for interrupting when things are getting so intense, but I
wanna be part of this conversation, too. "Um, is there anyone else
who's piqued your interest...?"
I probably come across as socially awkward right now.
"Wait, who are you again?"
"He looks familiar... Oh, right, you're that guy who used to be in
section one."
"Ah, now I remember. You were Princess Alexia's..."
Iris interjects. "He's Cid Kagenou, Claire's younger brother."
The other two nod, seemingly satisfied with that.
"Unlike Claire, you're the one without any talent, right? Make sure
you keep up your training."
"Your sword work was pretty uninspired, but there's no point
comparing yourself to others. Slow and steady wins the race, after
all."
"Thanks for those words of wisdom. So, Princess Iris, anyone else you
found interesting?"
"Hmm..."
"L-like, uh, y'know, that Mundane guy that Annerose is fighting in
the first round, for example. This, uh, this is his first time
participating, too."
I bring up Mundane in the smoothest manner imaginable so I can
gauge their reactions.
238 | P a g e
Iris's is noncommittal. "Mundane... I haven't seen any of his matches
yet, so I really can't say."
Great. That means that Princess Iris doesn't know much about him
yet.
"Oh, I saw him fight. He was fast but not much else. And his stance
was amateurish, so it feels like most of his wins were just dumb luck.
Annerose will beat him."
"I saw him, too, but... He really doesn't seem like the primary-round
type. He's got guts but no talent."
The other two have written him off as a scrub, it seems.
Everything's going pretty much according to plan. I've been able to
control Mundane's public perception just the way I wanted.
All the groundwork has been laid.
Now, the fun starts...
"There is one other person I'm interested in, though she's not a
contestant."
I said my bit, so I'm already satisfied, but Iris pipes up again.
"Apparently, the winner of the first Bushin Festival, the elf
swordmaster hailed as the War Goddess, is here in the capital."
"An elf swordmaster... You don't mean...?!"
"She hasn't made a public appearance in over a decade!"
Uh...
"I would be surprised to find a single person fighting on that main
stage today who doesn't have what Beatrix the War Goddess is doing
on their radar."
Who?
Whoever this chick is, she certainly wasn't on my radar.
239 | P a g e
It's almost time for my fight, so I say I have to go to the bathroom
and hurry on over to the players' waiting room. Looks like Claire won
her first round, and she has a chance of making it pretty far.
As I walk down the corridor, I pass alongside someone wearing a gray
robe coming the other way.
Suddenly, I stop.
A moment later, they stop, too.
We turn around in unison.
Vibrant blue eyes peek out from beneath the robe and stare straight
at me.
"You smell like elf."
The voice is feminine and husky.
Her faded gray robe is worn and frayed.
I stay, waiting for her to continue.
"Do you have any elf friends?"
Her blue eyes peer into mine as though searching for something.
"A couple, yeah." I don't see any reason to lie, so I tell her the truth.
"There's an elf I'm looking for."
"Okay."
"She's cute."
"Cool."
"Do you have any idea where she is?"
"That's not a lot to go off of."
240 | P a g e
"She should look just like me."
"Uh-huh."
"She's my late sister's daughter."
"Huh."
"Do you know of any elves who look like me?"
"Um..."
"Do you know of any?"
"Your robe is covering your face..."
"Ah, right."
She removes her robe, laying her face bare.
I offer no reaction.
It's an intentional act on my part.
After all, she looks a lot like Alpha.
"Not ringing any bells. Sorry."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah."
I'll have to ask Alpha about this next time I see her. They aren't 100
percent identical, but they look similar enough that I wouldn't be
surprised if they were related.
"I see." She shrugs dejectedly. Then, in one fluid motion, she draws
her sword.
There's no bloodlust or wasted motions behind her swing, only
certain death.
As I watch her out of the corner of my vision, I accept what's
happening.
241 | P a g e
I get it. She's gonna stop right before she hits me.
And sure enough, her blade stops right as it touches my neck.
All it does is touch it, though. She doesn't cut so much as a single
layer of my skin.
Her timing is exquisite.
"Whoa?!" Pretending to go weak in the knees, I collapse to the
ground.
I think that was believable.
"Hmm?"
She tilts her head to the side and draws back her sword.
"I was mistaken. Sorry." She gives me a neat bow. "I'd thought you
were stronger. What's your name?"
She offers me her hand as she speaks.
"C-Cid Kagenou...," I reply, making my voice tremble as I take her
hand and rise to my feet.
"I'm Beatrix."
Beatrix doesn't let go of my hand.
"Um...?"
"This is a good hand. I'm sure you'll grow stronger."
With that, she flashes me a pretty smile. It resembles Alpha's.
"I'm sorry for startling you."
After apologizing one last time, she turns her back on me and leaves.
I watch her recede, then mutter "...I bet she's pretty strong" to
myself before turning around to leave.
242 | P a g e
Iris sits in her reserved seat and waits for the match to start.
She can see the entire stadium from the reserved seating area, and it
has a private staircase that leads directly to the arena.
The two dark knights are already being called to the ring.
One is the woman with pale-blue hair whom Iris has set her sights
on, Annerose.
The other is a black-haired man named Mundane Mann. It's the first
time she's laid eyes on him.
Iris's gaze sharpens when she sees the two of them.
A man sits down next to her. "It looks like it's about to start."
He's sitting in Cid's seat.
"I'm sorry, but that seat is..."
"Hmm?"
Iris looks up at his face and goes silent. She whispers a silent apology
to Cid.
"Perv..."
"I trust you're keeping well, Princess Iris?" Perv grins gracefully, but
the smile doesn't reach his eyes. "It's like a dream, watching a match
with you."
"What a flirt. Don't you have a fiancée?"
"She seems to have flown the coop, unfortunately. Don't worry,
though. Just a little lovers' spat." Perv lets out a light laugh.
His looks are handsome for a man around thirty, but something
about his smile rubs Iris the wrong way.
"Is King Oriana in good health?"
243 | P a g e
Perv answers Iris's question without missing a beat. "I'm afraid he
wasn't able to make it today. He told me he's confident he'll be able
to come tomorrow, though."
"King Midgar plans to start showing up tomorrow, as well."
"What a coincidence."
Iris tries to scope out what lies behind Perv's unsmiling eyes, but she
can't get a read on him.
"Is that the Annerose I've heard so much about?" asks Perv as he
gazes down at the arena.
"The one and only."
"She's the talk of the town. I hear she left Velgalta and is currently in
the middle of her journey of training, but I'd love to be able to invite
her back to my country."
"I agree. I'd love to invite a swordswoman of her caliber to stay here
in Midgar."
"Ha-ha. Midgar has plenty of talented dark knights already. Unlike
Oriana..."
"That's what our alliance is for."
"It pains me that we're so reliant on you, though."
"Is that so...?"
Talking to him is exhausting. Iris sighs internally.
It feels like she's trying to have a conversation with a puppet.
"What about her opponent, Mundane?"
"This is my first time watching him fight. The rumors about him
aren't flattering, though, and he doesn't look particularly strong."
"Then Annerose's victory is all but assured."
244 | P a g e
Iris's tone grows vague. "Not necessarily. Something about Mundane
seems...uncanny."
"Uncanny?"
"There isn't any other way to put it. He certainly doesn't seem
strong, but there's one trait of his that makes it impossible for me to
see him as weak."
"...Oh? What might that be?"
"His absolute confidence. As far as I can tell...it's as though he feels
certain he'll win."
"Hmm... Could it just be hubris?"
"I'm not sure. But there's no hesitation in his eyes. He sees...a path
toward certain victory."
"He sees a path, eh? Can you see it, Princess Iris?"
"No. You?"
"Me? Oh, I'm useless with swords. Don't know my points from my
hilts."
"Is that so?"
As Perv plays dumb, Iris snatches a glance at his well-trained sword
arm.
He laughs bitterly.
"I can't hide anything from you, can I? Swordplay is looked down
upon in the Oriana Kingdom, so I hope you'll forgive me this little lie.
To be frank with you, I'm decent with a blade."
"Decent, huh?"
"Just decent, yes."
Once again, Perv's smile doesn't quite reach his eyes.
245 | P a g e
"Now then...why don't you show us how much this 'absolute
confidence' of yours is worth?"
They look down at the arena.
"Annerose versus Mundane Mann!!"
The two names are called out...
"Ready? Begin!!"
And so it does.
As soon as the match starts, Annerose immediately charges into
Mundane's reach.
She's well aware of his true skills, and she knows the secret to his
strength is his overwhelming speed.
He destroys his opponents by moving so fast that not even a former
member of Velgalta's Seven Blades can track him. That's the way he
fights, and that's what makes him strong.
She also knows, however, that in contrast to his speed, his technical
skills are lacking.
In all his victories so far, he's basically never crossed blades with his
opponent.
Why is that?
One reason is they simply couldn't keep up with him.
But Mundane's stance is practically that of an amateur. She finds it
hard to imagine he's ever had any proper training.
What if the reason is that Mundane himself has avoided doing so?
What if he's afraid his clumsy sword work will be exposed?
246 | P a g e
In other words, maybe he's won all his fights without crossing blades
to hide his own lack of proficiency.
If that's the case, then all she has to do to win is avoid being dazzled
by his speed. That's the theory under which Annerose is operating.
The only thing that worries her...is those weights he took off.
If removing his shackles lets him move so fast that she can't even
react...she could end up losing.
As the fight begins, Annerose makes sure to crush that tiny fear of
hers.
She's fighting an enemy who wins with speed, so all she has to do is
restrain his movements.
If she can do that, victory is hers.
***
Having closed the gap in a mere instant, Annerose lets out a battle
cry and slashes at Mundane.
There's no way he sees this coming.
Even so, he blocks the blow.
He's fast, all right.
It shouldn't have been possible for him to block the attack in time,
but Mundane manages to pull it off.
Because he's blocking her attack, though, his legs are pinned in
place...
...and those are what Annerose has been aiming for.
"Uragh!!"
While Mundane's legs are still immobile, Annerose strikes at him
again.
247 | P a g e
He blocks this attack, too, but Annerose's tempestuous flurry leaves
him no room to take advantage of his speed.
Annerose wears down Mundane's guard a third time, then a fourth,
then a fifth, and eventually his stance breaks.
She's won!
Certain of her victory, Annerose launches a thrust at her opponent's
chest.
It pierces him...or does it?
"Huh...?"
His skin offers her blade no resistance.
In fact, his entire body vanishes lazily from her sight.
"...That was my afterimage."
She can hear his voice coming from behind her.
A shiver runs across her shoulders.
Calm down. She carefully turns around.
She's trembling but commands her body not to let it show.
"You're even faster than I thought..."
Her voice is steady. At least, she thinks it is.
As she trains her sight on Mundane, she thinks.
What should I do?
His speed far surpasses what she can react to.
What can she do to overcome it?
Think of something.
Anything...!
Anything at all......!!
248 | P a g e
"What...?!"
Before she knows what's happened, Mundane is gone again.
Annerose's body responds faster than her mind.
Her ability to react to the subtle shift in the air isn't birthed from skill
or experience but dumb luck.
Kschhhhh!! She feels a terrifying impact and finds herself launched
backward.
She can feel her consciousness start to fade and her sword toppling
out of her hand, but she frantically reels them back in and stands up.
"Rgh...!"
A pained wheeze escapes her mouth.
She can see Mundane in her periphery. He's holding his sword
listlessly and standing stock-still.
His stance is nonexistent, and he's making no effort to chase her
down.
However, Annerose doesn't see that as arrogance.
He's just simply that strong.
"I'll admit it: You're good."
Annerose steadies her ragged breath and steels herself.
Mundane is simply fast. Overwhelmingly so.
Annerose doesn't find that fact unfair. After all, speed is just another
form of strength.
Besides, she still has a shot at winning. Her odds are slim, but they
aren't zero yet.
If speed is all her opponent has...she just needs to catch him.
She needs to land a counter.
249 | P a g e
The moment Mundane attacks her will be her final shot at victory.
The problem is whether she'll be able to react in time.
Luck was the only thing that let her block the previous strike.
She doubts she can pull that off again.
She can't rely on chance to snatch this victory; she'll need talent.
If her reflexes aren't good enough, she'll fall back on experience.
And if that won't get her there, she'll rely on intuition.
She'll use any means she can get her hands on.
As long as she can land the timing...from there, all she'll need to cut
him down are the skills she's spent her life building.
Silently, but with utmost concentration, Annerose waits for the
crucial moment.
It comes.
There isn't a shred of warning.
Mundane's body vanishes, and the moment it does...a moment
before it does, Annerose swings her sword.
Nobody is in its path yet.
But a second later, that changes.
She's won!
Mundane appears, and Annerose is certain she's got him.
Her blade is traveling on an intercept course with his body.
At that speed, dodging is impossible. She's sure of that.
"What...?"
She gazes at his movement, dumbfounded.
He stops.
250 | P a g e
It's as though he planned it ahead of time—right before he enters
Annerose's reach, he halts.
Her sword grazes the tip of his nose as it swings through the empty
air.
This is no coincidence.
It is the product of perfect spacing.
It is the product of terrifying foresight.
Annerose thought she'd been timing her counter to match his attack,
but that wasn't what had happened. He had been timing his attack
to match her counter.
"I see..."
It's then that she realizes something.
After that fleeting exchange, she's certain of it.
Mundane Mann...possesses superlative skill as well.
Her posture is broken, and his sword approaches her.
It's the slowest move he's performed that day.
But though slow...its technique is transcendent, almost to the point
of art.
"Ah..."
It's beautiful.
It's also the last thing Annerose remembers seeing before she blacks
out.
"He's incredible...," Perv hears Iris mumble from the seat beside him.
251 | P a g e
Down in the arena, Mundane has just taken down Annerose and
starts to leave the stage.
Perv hides the unrest in his heart. "'Absolute confidence'... It seems
your intuition was right on the mark, Princess Iris."
"I never imagined he'd be that good... I find it nigh impossible to
believe a dark knight of his skill has gone unnoticed for this long."
"I concur. Mundane Mann... I'd never even heard his name."
"And I've never seen that technique, either. It was sharp yet
beautiful beyond compare."
"It doesn't come from any established style, right?"
Perv has never seen a sword move so elegantly in his life. He doubts
Iris has, either. Does this mean a practitioner of an underground
style just made his first public appearance?
"Not that I know of, although there's no way to know for sure
without asking him directly. The surprises never end, it seems."
Iris leans back in her seat, then lets out a sigh as though trying to
relieve tension.
Nobody saw this result coming, so the reserved seating area is abuzz.
Everyone's attention has shifted from Annerose to Mundane, and
the conversation is centered around his next opponent.
"Princess Iris, you're up against Mundane in the second round,
right?"
Iris smiles. "I am."
"You sound confident."
"I do plan on winning."
"Oh...?"
252 | P a g e
"Mundane's sword work was fast, sharp, and of unparalleled beauty.
Sadly, mine doesn't measure up to his in that regard. Looks,
however, aren't what decide matches. If his fight just now is the best
he can do, then he's still no match for me."
"I agree."
Perv nods, then adds a silent addendum. If that was Mundane's full
strength, Iris can still win. A little skill isn't going to be enough to
contain her magic.
But what if that wasn't his true strength?
Iris continues, "In all likelihood, he's hiding something. His posture,
stance, and skills are all fake, yet he made it all this way."
"Knowing all that, you still think you can win?"
"I may not know what his secret is, but I plan on taking him down,
secret and all. I have a competitive side, you see."
Iris beams as she stands. Her smile bleeds hostility.
"I see."
"Now, I'm afraid you'll have to excuse me. I have a match to get to."
Perv watches Iris leave, then sighs.
He investigated everyone who might pose a threat to the plan
beforehand, but Mundane's name never came up.
If Mundane is going to interfere, he needs to be disposed of quickly,
but...there is no need to rush. He can leave that decision until after
Mundane's match against Iris.
Mundane Mann. A master of a beautiful, perfected style.
Perv can't understand how he went unnoticed.
There must be some reason.
Some reason Mundane needed to hide his strength.
253 | P a g e
Some reason he'd never taken the spotlight.
254 | P a g e
255 | P a g e
He could belong to a school lost to history but passed down from
father to son. Or no, he could be from the Lawless City and just have
faked his papers.
The Lawless City doesn't belong to any country—it's a hive of evil
and greed. The Cult has yet to worm its way into the inner circles of
any of its three warring rulers.
If he comes from the Lawless City, that means Mundane must be a
member of the Blood Queen's family. Given his strength, he has to at
least be part of the leadership. Perv realizes he needs to run more
background checks...
There's also a chance that Mundane is affiliated with the Shadow
Garden. Mundane is a man, though, and the Shadow Garden should
have no motive to do anything conspicuous at the Bushin Festival. All
in all, it seems unlikely.
One way or another, though, Perv can sense something
unfathomable about him.
He's probably a member of the underworld, just like Perv...
"What's his secret...?"
Perv's murmur is lost in the stadium's clamor.
"Mundane, wait!!"
Upon waking up, Annerose rushes down the corridor after him.
He turns around, and she stops in front of him.
"You trounced me back there. I was completely powerless." She
looks up at him and smiles. "I left my homeland to become stronger,
and I like to think I've done so. It seems I got a little conceited, too."
She holds out her hand.
256 | P a g e
Mundane looks down at it, then slowly extends his.
"I learned a lot today. Thank you," she says.
"This was the first time I've had to remove my shackles. You have
nothing to be ashamed of."
"...That makes me proud to hear." Annerose smiles again and
exchanges a handshake. "Mundane, who exactly are you? How did
you become so strong?"
He smiles sadly, then averts his gaze. He seems to be looking far off
into the distance.
"I threw away everything... I'm just a fool who pursued strength and
strength alone..."
"Mundane..."
Seeing his lonesome expression, Annerose feels her chest tighten. He
must have had a tragic past that left him no other choice.
"You know...if you want, would you be interested in joining the
military in Velgalta? I'm sure I could find a post worthy of you."
Mundane just shakes his head.
"...I can't walk a path that bright."
He turns away and begins walking.
"Wait! I'm leaving to continue my journey tomorrow! If you change
your mind before then, come find me!"
Mundane doesn't stop.
Annerose watches him go, then turns around.
In this world, greatness is relative, and there's always someone
stronger. To her, fighting Mundane and watching his sword work in
action was an irreplaceable experience.
257 | P a g e
His swordplay was polished almost to the point of being an art. To
Annerose, it looked as though he'd put everything into it.
She's certain he'll win. Before long, the world will know his name.
He'll climb to the height of heights.
Right now, all she can do is watch him rise, but she's determined to
become stronger. Mundane has shown her the path she needs to
take.
Once she becomes stronger, they will meet again.
Until that happens, she pledges to keep fighting.
Ahhhhh, that went well.
Prettttty darn well.
I was able to focus on making my performance as elegant as possible.
There was a time in my training to become a mastermind when I
pursued a fancy brand of swordplay. It was a little bit too graceful, so
I don't use it these days as Shadow, but I'm glad the work I put in
back then is finally paying off.
Thanks to Annerose, I'm able to check off about 70 percent of my
goals for this Bushin Festival. All that's left is figuring out how I'm
gonna drop out. There are a bunch of choices, though, so I'm at an
impasse.
The simplest route would be to just win the whole thing, but looking
at the tournament holistically, this next match against Iris is the best
place to stage the climax. One option is defeating Iris and then just
vanishing. That one has a badass feel to it.
258 | P a g e
It's the scene where the mastermind defeats someone widely
acknowledged as strong, then disappears, leaving them with a simple
My work here is done...
I'm digging it.
Also, if I defeat Iris and vanish, my sister has a decent shot of winning
the whole tournament.
But a scenario where I go evil is pretty appealing, too.
Halfway through my match with Iris, I can go, I'm an assassin from
the Assassins Guild...and now your life is mine! and start ignoring the
rules to go all out. That scenario gets bonus points for giving me an
elegant reason to exit stage right.
Still, winning the whole thing really would give me the biggest sense
of accomplishment.
There are plenty of other exciting options to pick from, too. I need to
give this some good, hard thought.
As my various choices fill my mind, I make my way back to the deluxe
suite. When I get there, I find some guy I don't know sitting in my
seat, so I decide to bail.
Claire's match is over already, so whatever.
After heading back to the dorm, I start running through scenarios.
259 | P a g e
260 | P a g e
261 | P a g e
It's a new day.
I sit in my reserved seat and sip my free coffee. Apparently, nobody
except Mitsugoshi has figured out how to make this stuff yet. Hats
off to them.
"Mmm."
I take mine with loads of milk and sugar, by the way.
I wasn't huge on the reserved seating at first, but now that I've
gotten used to it, it certainly has its perks. The friendly maids bring
me pretty much anything I ask for free of charge, and it makes me
feel kinda like a celebrity.
As I'm basking in the stadium's energy, Princess Iris makes her
appearance.
"Good morning."
"Morning."
"Is that coffee I see? It's been trendy lately. I enjoy the smell, but the
bitterness is a bit much for me..."
"You could always just make it into coffee milk with loads of sugar."
"Coffee milk...?"
Iris calls over one of the maids and orders one. She really is a woman
of action.
"Oh, this is nice..."
"Right? It's like a magic trick you can use to make every cup of coffee
taste the same."
I follow her lead and order myself a fine banquet of toast and eggs.
262 | P a g e
If only this world had social media. The only way to make this meal
better would be if I could upload a smug selfie with the caption
"Eating breakfast in the deluxe suite with royalty!"
I finish eating right as various socialites begin trickling in.
As the name would suggest, their advent brings with it the beginning
of the socializing. Being the lowly son of a baron, I am completely left
out of the conversation. It's fine, though—I'd just as soon stay out.
So please, Princess Iris, stop trying to be nice enough to include me.
Things end up getting kind of awkward, but eventually, the second
round of the primaries gets underway.
The socialites take their seats, but right as things start settling down,
the door opens up.
I turn around and see a woman in a faded robe.
It conceals her face like it did before, but I can tell it's Beatrix.
She notices me and gives me a little wave, and I reply with a nod and
a smile. We meet again.
However, the rest of the socialites' gazes are cold.
I can practically hear them all thinking. Who is this woman wearing a
filthy robe? Remove her at once! The silence is stifling.
"Ma'am, I'm sorry, but you can't..." One of the maids calls out to her
but gets interrupted.
"It's fine. She's with me. Please come on in," beckons Iris as she
invites Beatrix in.
Beatrix comes and sits two seats down from me. Iris is between us.
Apparently, that was going to be Alexia's seat, if she was here.
"Princess Iris, who is she?"
"Beatrix the War Goddess."
263 | P a g e
Iris's answer sends a stir through the socialites.
"Is she really...?"
"She said she's the War Goddess..."
"The legendary swordmaster..."
Hey, this is cool! I wanna hear someone say That's the legendary
Shadow... at some point!
"It's been a while since you appeared in public."
"It has. I'm looking for someone." Beatrix nods as she answers the
socialite's question. "My niece. She looks just like me."
Making sure not to repeat the mistake she made with me, she takes
off her hood.
"Damn, you're fine..."
"Do any of you recognize my face? I heard this country had sightings
of an elf bearing my visage."
"In this country, huh...? If I saw an elf as fair as you, Beatrix, I'd never
forget it."
"Have any of you seen her?"
"Sorry..."
The socialites all shake their heads.
"I see..." Disappointed, she puts her hood back up.
Iris apologizes to her. "I'm so sorry. Everyone here is well connected,
so I thought you might have some luck asking them."
"It's fine. I'm an elf, so I have time."
"By the way, did you watch any of the Bushin Festival?"
"Not much."
264 | P a g e
"Oh. Well, based on what you've seen, did any of the contestants
catch your interest?"
"My interest... Hmm..." She glances around as she thinks. "Cid."
She points at me.
"Um, Beatrix...?"
"Cid caught my interest. Someday, he'll be strong."
I instantly deny it. "Oh, no, I definitely won't."
I can feel everyone staring at me.
"That boy's going to become strong...?"
"It's true he was in the same class as me, but his fundamentals were
kinda...eh..."
"He is Claire's little brother, but he doesn't take to it the way she
does..."
Finally, Iris cuts through the strained atmosphere, and that's the end
of that. "If that's what you think, Beatrix, then I'm certain you're
right."
Still, though, the socialites eye Beatrix skeptically.
I can see them glancing at one another, as though asking themselves,
Is she the real deal...?
To them, she probably just looks like a dirty wanderer.
The way I see it, though, she carries herself naturally in the best
sense of the word.
Her form, her personality, her bearing, and her strength as a whole
are all so unembellished that nobody realizes her real power.
"Now, would you mind if I was forward enough to ask you to point
out anything interesting you notice during the matches?"
265 | P a g e
"Okay."
Thanks to Iris's deference, though, it starts to feel like Beatrix is
getting a bit of respect.
The air is still a little strained as the second round of the Bushin
Festival primaries begins.
When Perv walks into the deluxe suite, a figure in a gray robe turns
and stares at him.
The person's face is hidden beneath a hood, but given the build, he
can tell it's probably a woman. After looking at Perv, she turns her
gaze to King Oriana, who's standing beside him.
Her assessment is brief.
"It stinks."
"That's pretty rude, lady."
"Sorry."
Perv suppresses his beating heart as he glares at the woman.
He's using a highly addictive herb to make a puppet of King Oriana.
He has no complaints about the drug's effectiveness, but it has the
downside of causing its users to exude a characteristic aroma.
However, he's masking the smell with perfume. There's no way
anyone has found him out.
"Perv, this is Beatrix the War Goddess."
"She's..."
Beatrix the War Goddess. Perv heard she'd made her way to the
capital, but here she is in the flesh.
266 | P a g e
She certainly doesn't look talented enough to merit the title of War
Goddess.
Her robe is faded, and her manners are nonexistent. After a single
word of apology, she's already back to watching the match.
But even though she doesn't look strong...if she's as talented as the
rumors say, there's a chance he just can't perceive her strength.
Given that Princess Iris acknowledges her as the real thing, he should
assume she's right.
He knows that the War Goddess's face looks reminiscent of the great
hero Olivier's. If he could just get a good look...
"It seems I was being quite offensive without realizing it."
"Me, too."
Perv and Beatrix both apologize, and things settle down a bit. Now
everyone will think Beatrix's verbal gaffe had been a reference to
Perv himself.
Perv desperately wants to get off the topic of the smell.
He never imagined Beatrix would show up at the Bushin Festival,
though.
And today of all days...
He quietly clicks his tongue.
"King Midgar, I trust you're well today?"
"Oh, very."
Perv changes his tone and offers salutations to King Midgar, who's
sitting atop a large throne placed among the deluxe suite's seats.
After exchanging a set of standard greetings, King Oriana sits down
beside King Midgar. Perv takes the next seat down and turns his
attention to covering King Oriana's conversational back.
267 | P a g e
The king can answer simple questions, but anything more complex
will give him trouble. Perv has no choice but to guide the
conversation and prevent King Oriana from screwing up.
That said, everything has gone according to plan so far.
His primary objective is securing Rose.
During their last encounter, she was already starting to show
symptoms. Her blood would undoubtedly prove a valuable asset to
the Cult.
In order to ensure he gets her, he made a point of properly
incentivizing her.
Specifically, he threatened to have King Oriana kill King Midgar if
Rose doesn't show up at the Bushin Festival.
It was just a threat, of course, but Perv wouldn't particularly mind
following through with it.
King Midgar's death would incite a war, and the Oriana Kingdom
would be finished. However, they already had plans underway to
install a puppet leader in Midgar afterward. If all went well,
everything would fall into his lap. There was a risk of abject failure,
sure, but the potential rewards were worth it.
The only thing that made him feel uneasy was the fact that Iris was
there. Perv could see she distrusted the hollow King Oriana. There
was a chance she'd be able to stop him.
However, he could easily remove that threat by simply conducting
the assassination during Iris's match. There shouldn't have been any
additional impediments.
But now Beatrix is here. Getting rid of her will be tough, and she's
probably even stronger than Iris. If Beatrix tries to stop him, she'll be
a greater obstacle than Iris.
268 | P a g e
Also, he still doesn't know what Mundane is after. Mundane is
undoubtedly a denizen of the underworld, meaning he must have
some objective. No matter how hard Perv searches, though, he
keeps coming up blank. This guy's a pro. Perv needs to be on high
alert.
He lets out a heavy sigh.
Everything's going according to plan, but there are too many
variables. He doesn't feel remotely at ease.
Still, if Rose just shows up, everything's golden. He won't need to
take any risks.
And she's sure to. She can't just abandon her homeland and her
father. Perv knows her well enough to be certain of that.
True, there are a bunch of variables, but none of them matter.
Everything's going to be fine.
Perv keeps telling himself that as he shifts his focus to the match.
Time passes, and Claire Kagenou wins her bout handily.
"Oh-ho..."
He hadn't taken much notice of her before, but it turns out she's
unexpectedly skilled. Her magic is powerful, yet she doesn't let it
control her.
As strong as she is now, she has the potential to become even
stronger.
"It would seem...that Claire's gotten better." After watching Claire
take down her opponent, Iris stands from her seat. "My match is
starting, so I'm afraid I must be off."
Everyone around her offers words of encouragement, and the darkhaired boy sitting next to her stands as well.
"I gotta hit the can."
269 | P a g e
Nobody much cares about his comings and goings. Well, nobody
except Beatrix, who watches as he leaves.
His name is Cid, and he's utterly unremarkable. Perv was a little
curious how he ended up sitting next to the princess, but other than
that, he doesn't see much reason to care. He immediately forgets
about Cid and turns his attention to the next round.
Iris and Mundane's bout is a very important one for Perv.
He needs to figure out Mundane's strength and agenda as well as
take advantage of the opportunity Iris's absence poses.
After the two of them leave, a little time passes...and Iris and
Mundane take the stage.
When Iris arrives on the field, she's greeted with a thunderous round
of applause.
Her popularity makes it abundantly clear which one of the pair is the
tournament's protagonist.
She stares at Mundane and composes herself.
Mundane Mann is obviously going to be a fierce opponent. Even now
that she's standing across from him, she can't get a read on his
strength but senses something unfathomable lurking within him. His
appearance is out of sync with his actual ability. It makes him seem
irregular, like he's hiding his true nature.
However, Iris still is confident she can prevail. She has no other
choice.
She believes it's her duty to win the Bushin Festival.
She isn't skilled at politics, and she herself knows that. The only thing
she can do for Midgar is act as a symbol of its strength.
270 | P a g e
It's her duty to instill faith in people that as long as Iris Midgar is
around, the kingdom will be safe.
Even if that means letting herself be carried on the shoulders of
others. She's at peace with that. Her strength is her only asset, and
she was content letting herself be used as a political pawn.
Until recently, that is.
That was a price she paid for being carried by others for so long: She
stumbled the first time she tried to stand on her own two feet.
Fearing for her country's future, she'd tried to assemble the Crimson
Order but found herself powerless, unable to secure personnel or
funds.
If she tried gathering members gradually, it would take ages before
the Crimson Order lived up to her expectations.
Even if she attempted to involve herself in politics, people would still
just treat her with superficial respect while using her for their own
ends. That's why she's opted to leave the politics to others and
gather strength in areas in which she's more skilled.
For example, she knows that popularity among the masses is a
strength in and of itself. She's also gathered allies she trusts to be the
brains behind her Order. All that's left to do is win the Bushin Festival
and solidify the people's love for her, and she's sure things will turn
out well.
With that belief firm in her heart, she readies her sword and waits
for the announcer.
Her condolences to Mundane, but she plans on going all out from
the get-go. Even if he does have something up his sleeve, she intends
to end the match before he has time to pull it out.
"Iris Midgar versus Mundane Mann!! Ready? Begin!!"
She wastes no time.
271 | P a g e
As soon as the match starts, she steps forward, then stops.
"...What?"
A tiny cry of confusion slips from her lips.
For some reason, Mundane seems farther away than he did before.
Has she misjudged the distance between them?
That's her first thought, but she knows she didn't. Still, it feels like
the gap between them has widened.
She doesn't know why. Maybe it's just nerves.
Whatever the cause of her confusion, though, it definitely stops her.
She tries starting over.
She resets her emotions, readies her sword, and goes for a simple
feint.
When she's sure she's drawn Mundane's gaze, she rushes him.
However...
***
Once again, she stops in her tracks.
She leans backward as though dodging something, then leaps back.
She had seen a sword.
She had seen Mundane's sword severing her neck.
However, Mundane's actual sword hadn't moved an inch.
And of course, her neck was still attached to her shoulders.
"Why...?" Iris can't keep the question inside.
She's sure she saw Mundane's blade.
The moment she advanced, she saw his sword and the colossal
power lurking within it cutting her throat.
272 | P a g e
She thought he'd read her like a book. And she'd seen her own
defeat...no, her death.
However, Mundane is still just standing there. His sword isn't even at
the ready. It's as though it had all been just an illusion.
She can't comprehend what just happened.
Iris slowly paces around him, trying to figure out what's up with his
sword.
One lap, two laps, three laps...
They're the exact same distance from each other as before. So why
does Mundane look so far away?
"...Aren't you coming?" Mundane asks.
Yet she can't take that step.
Every bone in her body is screaming for her not to go.
"Hrrraaaaahhhhhhh!!"
She roars in an attempt to dispel her hesitation.
After rocking back and forth, she puts one foot forward. It's the
fastest step she's ever taken.
But—he's looking at her!!
Unblinking, Mundane's eyes are trained on her.
His gaze shifts, as though implying something.
"...Aahhhhhhh!!"
The moment it does, Iris's instincts force her to stop.
Doing so places a massive strain on her body, and her knee joints
make an unpleasant noise.
She stops in spite of that, then practically tumbles backward.
273 | P a g e
She's certain she just saw Mundane's sword running her through.
"No..."
However, her chest doesn't have a scratch.
There's no sign Mundane's weapon ever moved.
"You're kidding..."
He's still just standing there, not even bothering to put up a defense.
"...What's wrong?" he asks.
Faced with something unknowable, Iris's body shudders.
She has to do something.
Unease and fear swirl up inside her.
Mundane's gaze shifts again.
As he stares straight ahead, the tip of his sword twitches as though
he's predicting the future.
The moment it does, Iris envisions her arm getting lopped off.
"Oh no..."
Now she finally realizes.
Mundane had simply been making feints.
He understood her movements in their entirety, then used his eyes
and minute movements of the tip of his sword to send her a warning.
If you don't stop, you'll get cut, he'd been telling her.
That had been enough to make her hallucinate.
That's how real the illusion had been.
Iris recalls something her mentor once taught her: "An expert's 'lies'
seem all too real." And sure enough, she'd fallen for her mentor's
feints time and time again.
274 | P a g e
Mundane's moves felt even realer than her mentor's.
Was that even possible?
Iris isn't conceited enough to think she's the strongest person in the
world. She understands that greatness is relative. Objectively
speaking, though, she's supposed to be one of the best dark knights
alive.
To be able to drive a woman like her into a corner with feints alone?
That would make Mundane, without a doubt, the world's strongest
fighter.
It would represent a degree of skill no one could hope to match.
Was that really possible?
Like hell it was.
Iris forces herself to believe that.
Don't get rattled.
He hasn't even raised his sword yet. Don't go deciding the match
on mere speculation.
"...Don't stop me," Iris quietly instructs her instincts.
After steeling her resolve not to stop, she takes that one step
forward.
Something whizzes through the air.
A second passes.
Then, a fierce impact rocks Iris's body.
Her mind goes blank for a few seconds, and before she knows it,
she's looking up at the sky.
She's collapsed faceup in the dead center of the arena.
What happened?
275 | P a g e
She had been unable to see Mundane's blade, but he'd caught her in
his gaze the moment the impact landed.
It's a miracle she's still holding on to her sword.
She forces her unresponsive torso to rise.
"Iris Midgar...I expected more from you."
She finds a sword being thrust into her face.
Mundane is looking down at her. She can't detect any emotion in his
eyes.
They're close enough that she could reach out and touch him, yet he
seems impossibly far away.
Far, far away...
Ah...so that's what it is.
Iris finally understands.
The reason he looks so far away isn't because of an illusion or a
hallucination.
From the very start, he's been looking down on her from the
pinnacle of heights. Even if she extends her entire hand, he's
standing eternally beyond her reach...
Iris's sword falls from her grip and topples to the ground with a
clang.
The noise echoes throughout the silent stadium.
Iris Midgar is defeated in a single blow.
The fact of it has everyone frozen in shock.
Not a sound can be heard.
That is, until the click, click, click of footsteps rings out from behind
her.
276 | P a g e
The stadium begins to stir.
The footsteps continue forward. Click, click, click. Then, they come to
a stop.
The audience's eyes are glued to the person walking.
Even Mundane looks a little surprised.
"Father, I've returned."
There stands the Oriana Kingdom's beautiful princess, Rose Oriana.
Rose doesn't spare a glance for Iris and Mundane. Her honey-colored
eyes are glued to the deluxe suite.
The legendary Iris Midgar was beaten by a single sword stroke.
That simple fact stupefies Perv.
He knows members of the underworld more skilled than her, but
could even the strongest dark knight with whom he is familiar really
bring Iris Midgar down in a single swing?
No.
Unless they caught her by surprise or got incredibly lucky, there was
no way.
In other words, something unthinkable just happened.
Because Mundane took out Iris with one attack, it means he's the
strongest dark knight Perv knows of.
But he's practically a child...!
Nothing wounds Perv's pride as much as getting overtaken by
someone he considered below him.
The astonishment in his heart is quickly painted over with fiery envy.
277 | P a g e
His brain races to reject Mundane.
Mundane's one-hit takedown of Iris must have been dumb luck. Even
if it wasn't, it probably has to do with their compatibility in combat.
Iris just happened to be a good match for Mundane, that's all.
Iris's strange behavior gives him cause for doubt, too. She stopped all
of a sudden as though wary of something, and she paced around
Mundane for seemingly no reason. Perhaps she's been under the
weather, or maybe Mundane took advantage of some weakness.
There are plenty of ways he can deny Mundane's strength.
And yet...
Perv found Mundane's swordplay daunting.
He realizes that he and Mundane see the world through different
lenses.
Their assessment and approach to combat are fundamentally
different. Perv knows he could spend centuries training and never be
able to catch up with that boy. That's how polished Mundane's
swordplay is. It's like he's kneaded together the best parts of
countless other martial arts and refined them into a single,
incomparable masterpiece.
As Perv tries to disavow Mundane's mastery, his heart is filled with
the innocent admiration of a child.
Mundane's sword style has a devilish charm that draws Perv. It's like
how he was captivated by his instructor's sword work as a boy.
He grinds his teeth.
He refuses to accept this.
He can't be sure this boy's skills reign supreme just yet.
Perv is no stranger to masters. However, he still hasn't met the Cult's
leadership.
278 | P a g e
Mundane can't possibly be the strongest.
"What did you think of the fight, Beatrix?" he asks, hoping to hear
her denounce him.
The blue eyes peeking out from within her robe are fixed on the boy.
The look in them...is one of wonder.
"...I want to fight him."
"What?"
Just as Perv is about to ask for clarification, though, a stir runs
through the crowd.
He turns to look at the arena, and there, he sees...
"Rose Oriana..."
His mouth curls up into a sneer.
She's come.
What a stupid girl. The king and kingdom are beyond saving. The
puppet king is no more than a shell, and thanks to that, they control
the country's leader. Showing up here without even realizing that
fact reveals a naïveté unbefitting a princess.
Covering his mouth so his twisted grin won't be noticed, Perv steps
forward with King Oriana in tow.
"My dear Princess Rose. I see you've decided to return."
There's a long staircase leading straight from the deluxe suite to the
arena. Perv and King Oriana start descending it.
"Rose, I'm so glad you're back. Come up here." On Perv's
instructions, King Oriana speaks. His words are hollow and lifeless.
As Perv descends, he issues orders to his men with a glance, telling
them to be ready to capture Rose.
The princess begins ascending.
279 | P a g e
"Father, I've come to apologize. For everything I've done and for
what I'm about to do... I've made many mistakes, and I'm sure I'll
make many more. But as the princess of Oriana, and as your
daughter...I'm walking down a path I believe in."
Rose's voice is trembling. Her eyes are moist with tears.
But they're still filled with resolve.
Seeing that, Perv takes a step back.
He should send in the king first.
If he uses the king as a shield, the girl will be powerless.
As long as he has his puppet king, his plan can succeed without a
hitch.
"I forgive you for your sins," replies King Oriana, but Perv hadn't told
him to say that.
"Thank you, Father."
Afterward, everything happens in a flash.
Rose draws her blade, and Perv reacts by hiding behind the king.
His men make their move.
Rose is too fast for them, though.
Perv's eyes widen in shock.
"Wh—?!"
Abandoning everything, the girl stabs King Oriana through the heart
with her rapier.
"As the princess, and as your daughter...this will be my final
responsibility."
280 | P a g e
The king had been reaching out as though to embrace Rose, but
halfway through, his hand slumps lifelessly in the air. The rapier
passes cleanly through his heart and into Perv's chest.
"Thank you for everything."
She wrenches the rapier free.
Blood gushes from the king's heart as he topples to the ground.
Tears burst from Rose's eyes.
"H-how dare youuuu!!" Perv screeches.
Blood pours from Perv's chest, too, but his wound isn't lethal.
His rage stems from the loss of his puppet. His whole plan—in ruins.
"Get herrrrrrrr!!"
His men charge at Rose.
She doesn't attempt to flee.
As Perv watches her place the tip of her rapier against her throat, he
smiles.
She won't really—
His face goes pale.
"No! No! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
But just as Rose is about to pierce her neck...
"—So that's the choice you've made."
A beautiful, almost artistic flash cleaves through the air, slicing
through both Rose's rapier and the swords of the men bearing down
on her.
Standing there is Mundane, the most unassuming of men.
"Y-you're..."
281 | P a g e
However, the sword he's holding is as black as night.
282 | P a g e
283 | P a g e
284 | P a g e
Until she saw that beautiful arc, Rose had been prepared to die. If
she was captured and turned into a pawn, her father's death would
have been in vain. She wasn't going to let that happen.
Death is petrifying.
However, it was the only option she had left. She'd been allowed her
indulgences as a princess, but she still intended to carry out her royal
duties.
This was to be her final task.
She'd been prepared for that.
"Y-you're..."
However, the instant she sees that boy beautifully cleave through
everything, she's reminded of a memory from her childhood.
"The time for lies is over..."
And with that, Mundane rips off his face.
The crowd stirs.
Beneath Mundane's skin sits an all-too-familiar mask.
Black liquid swirls and spirals around him.
When the spiral subsides, it leaves a man wearing a jet-black long
coat in its wake.
"Shadow...," someone murmurs.
But to Rose, he isn't Shadow.
He's the man who made her want to take up the sword. The one
whose blade embodies beauty.
285 | P a g e
"Shadow, are you...? Are you the Slayer?"
The memories flash through Rose's mind.
286 | P a g e
287 | P a g e
Once, long ago, Rose was kidnapped.
Her father had official business to attend to in Midgar, and she'd
secretly snuck out of their inn to play outside. As she was playing
with the commoner kids, though, everything suddenly went black.
Then, she passed out.
When she came to her senses, she found herself confined in a small,
dark room.
Her hands and legs were bound with rope, and there was a gag
stuffed in her mouth.
Although she was outwardly free of injury, her body trembled from
worry and fear.
She could hear bandits talking in the room next door. "Man, I knew
her clothes looked nice, but we got us the princess here!"
They'd probably figured it out from her personal effects. Now they
knew who she was.
"You did it again, boss! We hit the jackpot!"
"This wasn't luck, dumbass! This was all skill!!"
Crude laughter echoed out.
Terrified for her safety, Rose fell into despair. The bandits had two
options: They could either use her as a hostage to bargain with
Oriana, or they could sell her to someone who knew what she was
worth.
She was certain they'd pick the latter. Although she was valuable as a
hostage, mere bandits would be hard-pressed to use her right.
By selling her, they could make some easy gold. Then, she would end
up falling into the hands of political enemies...
288 | P a g e
That prospect terrified her.
She twisted her body to try and undo the ropes.
She shouted through her gag.
But her efforts were for nothing.
"Hey, sounds like the princess is up."
"Go check on her, then."
She could hear footsteps drawing closer. Her muffled shouts turned
to screams as tears began running down her cheeks.
But just as the door was about to open...
"Yahoo!! Gimme all your money!!"
She heard a child's voice saying some rather unchildish things.
"Wh-who the hell is this kid?!"
"He just showed up outta nowhere! Kill his ass!!"
"C'mere, you!!"
Something made a sound as if it had sliced through the air.
A scream rang out.
"Wh-who the hell is this?! He's too strong!!"
"What?! He took out three people at once?!"
"You guys can help me practice my fancy swordplay."
Something ripped through the air again.
Rose could smell blood. She timidly peeked through the crack in the
door.
Outside, there was a boy wearing a sack over his head and a group of
bandits fleeing.
289 | P a g e
"If you run, you're just bandits! But if you don't, that means you're
trained bandits!!"
"Ah, ahhhhh!"
"P-please—!!"
The sack-clad boy swung his sword.
***
The arc was so beautiful that Rose forgot what was going on and
simply stared at it.
She didn't know much about swords, but that technique...was far
more beautiful than any work of art.
The blade sliced skillfully through the bandits' necks, and the
screaming stopped.
Dumbfounded, Rose just gazed at the boy with the sack.
"Man, I came all the way out here, and they don't have any gold.
Huh? Oh, there's more of them."
Noticing Rose's gaze, the boy in the sack opened up the door.
Light streamed into the room as their eyes met.
"Ah, a kidnapped kid. Rough day for you, huh?"
The sack boy swung his sword. Rose was captivated by the elegance
of his sword work.
"Bye now. Take care on your way home."
The sack boy began briskly walking off.
Before she noticed, Rose's bindings had been cut.
She called out to him in desperation. "W-wait!"
"Hmm?" The boy stopped and turned back toward her.
290 | P a g e
"Wh-who are you?"
"Me? Hmm. I'm still in the middle of my training, so...just think of me
as a fancy bandit slayer who happened to pass by."
"The Fancy Bandit Slayer... Um, I want to thank you somehow."
"Uh... All right, well, then I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell anyone
about me."
"O-okay, I won't."
"Cool, I'm counting on ya."
And with that, the Fancy Bandit Slayer vanished.
"The Fancy Bandit Slayer..."
He had saved her from the depths of despair and, in doing so,
changed her very life. Out of admiration for the beauty of his
swordplay and the way he lived his life, Rose took up the sword that
very day.
It's a precious memory of her childhood, one that she's never told
anyone. It's Rose's little secret.
In that moment, though, she gives voice to that secret for the first
time.
"Shadow...you're the Fancy Bandit Slayer, aren't you?"
Shadow doesn't answer.
But to Rose, his silence is answer enough.
Ever since he was a child, he's fought tirelessly against evil. He's been
saving people behind the scenes this whole time, just like he once
saved Rose.
291 | P a g e
Shadow's words run through Rose's mind. If true strength comes not
from power but from the way one lives their life...then Shadow must
be strength incarnate.
Rose feels ashamed at having chosen death so readily.
She could still have fought, but living is painful, and failure is
terrifying. She wanted to put an end to it all.
She had sought refuge in death.
But she could still fight...because she admired his beautiful swordplay
and his way of life.
"Your battle is yet unfinished..." Shadow thrusts his jet-black sword
forward.
It impales the stadium's wall and creates a large hole.
"Go..."
"Got it!"
Rose scoops up her rapier and leaps without hesitation through the
opening. She still has things she needs to do.
"S-stop her!!"
"No one else goes through..."
Shadow plants himself in front of the hole.
Thick clouds roll in at some point and obscure the sun, blanketing the
stadium in shadows.
Thunderclaps echo within the clouds.
Drop by drop, rain begins to fall.
292 | P a g e
"What are you waiting for?! After her!!" bellows Perv, and his men
burst into action.
They move to surround the hole's guard, Shadow, then leap at him in
unison.
The moment they do, an obsidian arc cleaves through them.
A single blow is all it takes to send all of Perv's handpicked dark
knights flying.
"This can't..."
So this is Shadow. True to the rumors Perv heard, he cannot be
contained by the riffraff.
He presses down on his bleeding gut and falls back.
"H-help! Is there anyone?! Anyone who can take him down?!" he
cries.
The only response he hears is the sound of the rain.
The knights of Midgar surround Shadow from a distance, but that's
all.
There isn't a single person present who plans on making light of the
man who defeated Iris.
The rain is now a bona fide deluge. Massive droplets cascade from
the skies.
The lightning reflects off Shadow's drenched long coat.
Each time it strikes, his figure is illuminated amid the gloom.
"I will go."
As the gray-robed woman speaks, she leaps into the air.
She casts her robe off while airborne and lands with her longsword
drawn.
293 | P a g e
"Beatrix the War Goddess...," someone murmurs.
The beautiful blond elf readies her blade in the rain.
She's wearing nothing more than a loincloth and a breastplate, and
the lightning makes her pale, drenched skin flash.
Shadow and Beatrix silently gauge the distance between themselves
as they square off.
A violent thunderclap underscores the commencement of their
battle.
Shadow stretches out his obsidian katana to match Beatrix's
longsword.
He slashes.
His black blade cleaves through the air.
The rain parts.
For a brief instant, a trail of empty, rainless air follows in his sword's
wake.
He misses.
"Oh...?"
Beatrix reacts instantly by taking a half step back to dodge Shadow's
strike.
Then, she counters. Her deadly thrust bears down on Shadow.
Beneath his mask, Shadow grins.
He evades the attack by leaning to the side, then swings his sword as
he pulls back upright.
But she recovers quickly, too.
As she retracts her longsword, she stoops low to avoid Shadow's
blow.
294 | P a g e
Then, she counters once more.
The only thing either of them hits is the rain.
Slashes fly through the air, each rending a path through the
downpour.
The droplets spread in little splashes as they're sliced aside, casting
beautiful streaks as the lightning illuminates them.
Everyone in the stands holds their breath as they watch the battle
unfold.
It's like watching a dance.
The rain and the lightning leave etchings in the sky of a battle that no
normal eyes can follow.
It's a beautiful sword dance.
It's plain to see that the two combatants stand at the apex of
swordsmanship.
The spectators want the dance to last forever, but Shadow brings it
to an end.
"It seems this sword cannot reach you..."
He puts some distance between them, then stares at Beatrix.
Beatrix doesn't chase him down, instead choosing to steady her
breathing. Her chest heaves up and down.
"Incredible..." She lets out the word of admiration as one would a
sigh.
Her blue eyes are fixed on Shadow. For a moment, they just stare at
each other.
"Allow me to show you my true blade."
With that, Shadow returns his black sword to its original length.
295 | P a g e
This is his preferred distance.
"Here I come."
As soon as he speaks, he instantly steps forward.
The field between them vanishes.
***
Then the impact.
The moment he closes the gap, Beatrix immediately abandons
attacking and shifts all her focus to defense. However, she can't even
see his sword.
It's not just her. Nobody can.
And his assault doesn't cut so much as a single raindrop.
"—Rgh!!"
The impact sends her flying, and she collapses in the rain.
She can't see the blow but manages to block it on instinct alone. But
only barely. She ends up sprawled unceremoniously on the ground,
unable to mount a counterattack.
She promptly rises to her feet, preparing herself to pursue.
The thunder roars, and as the lightning flashes, Shadow disappears.
In that one instant, he's right in front of her again.
He swings his imperceptible blade.
Beatrix focuses every cell in her body on Shadow's sword, then finds
herself besieged again.
***
She can't see it.
296 | P a g e
Ignoring the mud caked on her face, she stands back up and leaps
away to put some distance between them.
Instinct and luck are the only things that let her narrowly deflect the
strike.
She has no reason to believe she can fend off the next one.
No follow-up comes.
As she looks at Shadow readying his blade beneath the lightning, she
thinks, Why can't I see it?
It's not just that he's fast. There's something off about his sword.
After searching her memories of a lifetime of battles, she finds the
answer.
Shadow's techniques are natural.
Of the many types of swordplay in battle, fast swords are certainly
menacing. However, even a quick swing starts with some preliminary
action. Even if it doesn't, you can still tell when the attack will land
with enough experience. As long as you're conscious, you can react
to it.
No, the most dangerous type of attack is the kind that comes from
outside your perception. It doesn't need to be fast. You just need to
be unaware of it.
And Shadow's performance is natural.
There's no bloodlust, no hesitation, no swagger. His swings are
just...natural.
And people can't pick them out.
Just like she isn't actively conscious of the individual raindrops
falling, she isn't cognizant of Shadow's sword.
"Incredible..."
297 | P a g e
Beatrix regards the depth of Shadow's mastery with utter
admiration. His skill lies at the bottom of an abyss nobody else can
reach.
She prepares herself for her inevitable defeat.
"Show me your fangs, War Goddess..." Shadow brandishes his ebony
blade.
Beatrix knows she can't block it.
"Wait." A clear voice interrupts their battle. "I, too, will join the fray."
Iris stands there with her sword drawn.
"Princess Iris..."
Beatrix looks at Iris as though she wants to say something.
"I know. I know I'm not strong enough..." Iris smiles to hide her
frustration. "But I won't back down. I'm not going to stand by and let
him flee after laying waste to the Bushin Festival. I have my pride,
and so does Midgar..."
She glares at Shadow.
"I'll stop him from moving, even if it costs me my life. When I do,
Beatrix, use that to bring him down."
"...Understood. I'll follow your lead."
Beatrix sympathizes with Iris's resolve.
Fire burns in their eyes as they square off against Shadow.
"Come, then... Show me your fangs." Shadow lowers the tip of his
sword and assumes a defensive posture.
As Iris waits for an opportunity, she slowly closes the gap.
For a little while, the only sounds are the rain and the thunder.
"Please let me land a blow."
298 | P a g e
A massive thunderclap rings out, and Iris makes her move.
She charges forward, aiming for Shadow's neck with her longsword.
However, all it takes for Shadow to escape her range is to take a half
step backward. He watches the attack miss and turns his attention to
Iris's next move.
But Iris's sword extends.
By letting go of it, she forcibly lengthens its range.
Shadow immediately shifts gears. He abandons his attempt at a
counterattack and instead knocks Iris's sword aside.
Her offense is ruined. That's what anyone would think.
However, she stoops down and uses the momentum from her charge
to grab Shadow's torso and grapple him.
It's a valiant move, one designed to restrain his movements in
exchange for her own life.
He won't be able to evade in time.
"Bravo."
Shadow's knee smashes into Iris's face.
There's no way she could have known, but hand-to-hand combat is
Shadow's specialty.
Iris crumples to the ground.
However, she still achieves her mission.
When he lashes out with his knee, there is a brief moment when
Shadow becomes immobile.
That one moment is all she needs.
"Hyah!!"
299 | P a g e
Beatrix's slash bears down on him. She pours all her strength into her
longsword and slams it into his ebony blade.
A thunderous noise explodes as Shadow's katana, hand, and arm are
sent reeling backward.
His posture is shot.
This is her chance.
Beatrix's follow-up is impossibly fast.
But Shadow releases his sword faster.
He makes the split-second decision to cast aside his weapon, then
vanishes.
He's outside Beatrix's vision.
"Is he below me?!"
After leaning forward so low he's practically crawling, he grabs
Beatrix by the waist. However, his movements are miles more
polished and flowing than when Iris attempted the same move.
He's too close for her longsword to connect.
Shadow hoists Beatrix up with ease, then slams her into the ground.
"Gah!!"
The stone floor shatters.
The air in her lungs is forcibly expelled.
But in that split second, she has a chance to use her sword.
As her consciousness wavers, she swings it.
Shadow pays her no heed, instead lifting her up and slamming her
down again—but halfway through, he lets go.
Beatrix's sword meets empty air, and she crashes hard into the
stadium wall.
300 | P a g e
A sickening noise resounds as her body is embedded in it.
Then, a slice cuts through the air as something pitches down from
the sky.
Shadow reaches out and grabs it—his ebony sword.
It's as though he planned it all out...
Lightning illuminates the bodies of the two downed women.
Even together, Beatrix and Iris are helpless. The shock of that
overwhelms the spectators with confusion and fear.
"...It's over."
Shadow looks down at his two opponents, then turns to leave.
"S-stop right there..."
He hears a voice and stops.
"I...I can still fight..."
Iris staggers to her feet.
Beatrix follows her lead, brushing away the debris from the wall as
she rises in turn. "As can I..."
The two swordswomen rise.
However, Shadow merely casts a glance at them before walking off
again.
"Stop right there! Are you going to flee?!"
Hearing Iris, Shadow stops. "...Flee?" he repeats.
Bluish-purple light fills the stadium.
"Wh—?!"
***
It's a torrent of magic, whirling as it floods out of Shadow's body.
301 | P a g e
Swallowed up by the magic, the rain stops.
"This can't... Is this even real...?!"
"This is...impossible."
The unimaginable force stops Iris and Beatrix in their tracks.
With power like this, annihilating the entire stadium would have
been trivial for him.
Iris, Beatrix, and the spectators are all equally helpless in the face of
such might.
"Why would I need to flee...?"
Nobody can possibly stop him. They have no choice but to
acknowledge that.
"Why...?" asks Iris, her voice shaking. "If you had all that power...you
could have killed us whenever you wanted."
"...I achieved my objective. I have no interest in your lives... The only
ones we butcher are our enemies..."
Shadow looks at Iris as he makes his magic converge on his sword.
"Make sure you remember...who your true enemy is."
With that, Shadow releases the energy into the sky.
A blinding light floods the stadium and spreads out across the entire
capital as it blots out the heavens and blasts away the rain clouds.
When it fades, all that's left is a clear blue sky.
Shadow is nowhere to be seen.
The clouds, the rain, the lightning, and Shadow himself... It's like they
were never even there.
"Remember who my true enemy is...? Shadow. Who are you...?"
302 | P a g e
Iris gazes up at the cloudless sky as she ruminates on the words with
which Shadow left her.
What was his objective...? Who was her true enemy...?
Far up above, a massive rainbow stretches across the firmament.
Rose runs through the rain.
She has no destination in mind. She just keeps running, and before
she notices, the rain stops.
She's in a forest.
Sunlight streams through the gaps in the dampened trees.
Rose collapses against a trunk and catches her breath.
All sorts of thoughts are racing through her head. She thinks about
her father, about her homeland, about what's going to happen to
her now...
All of those worries and more get tangled up inside her, sending her
heart into disarray.
She may have had her reasons, but that doesn't change the fact that
she's now a criminal guilty of murdering a king. She isn't going to
deny that, and she has no intention of seeking death to flee
responsibility.
She fully intends to shoulder the burden of committing patricide
alongside her duties as a princess.
But it's all too much for her.
The more she thinks, the more the anxiety makes her shiver.
The weight of her responsibilities is crushing her resolve.
303 | P a g e
She can still fight. She has to fight. But what can a frail seventeenyear-old girl really hope to accomplish...?
She buries her head in her knees.
Then, she curls into a ball and trembles.
She stays that way until the sunlight takes on the vermilion hue of
twilight.
At that point, she tells herself it's time to go and stands.
She doesn't know where she's going, but she knows she has to press
on.
Right when she faces forward and starts walking, a lovely voice calls
out from behind her.
"You have two choices you can make."
"?!" Rose whirls around and finds an elf wearing a jet-black dress.
She has blond hair, blue eyes, and features so elegant they could
have been chiseled from stone.
"You're...Alpha..."
Alpha crosses her arms and smiles mysteriously.
"You can fight alone, or you can fight with us. But you have to
choose."
"With you...?"
Rose's enemy and the Shadow Garden's enemy are one and the
same.
However, having the same foe is no guarantee they'll be able to work
together.
Still, it's true she's short on options.
304 | P a g e
People will be after her soon. If she's going to fight alone, she needs
somewhere to hide. For now, her only option on that front is taking
refuge in the mountains... Well, she could also head for the Lawless
City, she supposes.
But in this moment, she's the criminal who murdered King Oriana. If
she goes to the Lawless City, people will come seeking the bounty on
her head.
"Can you save the Oriana Kingdom?"
"That depends on you. Right now, we have no reason to act on your
behalf. If you want to save your country, you'll need to prove your
worth."
"My worth...?"
"Your worth...and the Oriana Kingdom's worth..."
"And if I prove those, can you save it...?"
"It's within our means."
Alpha's reply is succinct. All she's doing is presenting Rose with her
choices.
She's neither giving Rose advice nor offering her aid.
The decision is Rose's to make.
"...Is the Slayer...I mean, Shadow the leader of your organization?"
"...He is."
An image of the boy who saved her as a child and tirelessly fought
evil flashes through her mind.
She decides to believe in him.
"...Then my blade is yours."
"I see. Welcome aboard. Now follow me."
305 | P a g e
There's no emotion in Alpha's voice as she leads Rose deeper into
the forest.
"Can I ask you a question?" asks Rose as she follows her.
"You may."
"Who exactly is Shadow...?"
He's a man with an iron will who's fought evil since he was a child,
and he has so much power, he can actually vanquish it. But Rose
doesn't know anything about the secret to his strength, his beliefs, or
even his identity. He's utterly shrouded in mystery.
"If you want to know, you'll need to earn our trust."
"Your trust..."
"But if you end up being worthy of it, you're sure to find out
eventually..."
Afterward, the two of them proceed through the forest in silence.
They make their way through a dense fog untouched by the sun's
light.
"Where are we? Is this...?"
"These are the Abyss Woods," Alpha answers.
Rose has heard the stories. Nobody knows where it is, but rumor has
it that anyone who enters can never leave.
Rose can't even make out Alpha, who's supposedly right in front of
her.
The magic-rich fog that's almost blue or purple is messing with her
senses.
"This fog is caused by a sigh of a dragon..."
306 | P a g e
"A dragon..."
They were practically a thing of legend. Once in a blue moon,
someone would report seeing one, but the records of the most
recent dragon hunt were over a century old.
"Long ago, he came to this land and battled the Mist Dragon."
"...Who's he?"
"In his youth, he was powerful enough to defeat the dragon, but he
couldn't slay it. So the dragon accepted him and let out the sigh."
So this fantastical bluish-purple mist was from the dragon...
"By the way, it's a deadly poison."
Rose twitches.
"Don't get too far from me. If you do, you'll die in a heartbeat."
"Understood..."
As they trod through the thick fog, the air suddenly clears.
"Wait, this is..."
The sun's rays beat down upon a venerable white castle.
"This is Alexandria, the ancient capital destroyed by the Mist Dragon.
This is our base."
Alexandria, the old capital. Rose had once seen that name in a book.
But no book could have possibly described its beauty.
Massive fields spread out around the capital, and they're all full of
crops she's never seen before. Women are enthusiastically
harvesting the produce.
"That one there is a cocoa field. It's the main ingredient in chocolate.
We may have you working in it at some point."
307 | P a g e
"Wait, chocolate? You mean that Mitsugoshi is part of the Shadow
Garden?"
Alpha only smiles.
Currently, Mitsugoshi remains the only place that sells chocolate.
Nobody knows anything about the ingredients or manufacturing
process.
The two of them pass through the portcullis and enter the castle.
"Is Lambda around?"
"I'm here."
A woman responds to Alpha's call and kneels before her.
"We have a new recruit. Train her."
"As you wish."
"Start by showing us your strength. I'm sure you'll be able to forge
your path quickly..." After speaking to Rose, Alpha takes her leave.
Rose remains behind with the woman named Lambda.
She's an elf with dark skin, gray hair, and gold eyes. She's tall, and
her muscles are evident even through her black bodysuit.
Also, her eyes are sharp and her lips are plump.
"I'm Lambda, your instructor. Come."
"Yes, ma'am."
Rose follows Lambda, and they exit through the rear of the castle.
Many girls are fervently training here.
"Wow..."
All it takes is a single glance for Rose to realize—every single one of
them is powerful.
308 | P a g e
"Number 664, number 665!"
"Present, ma'am!"
"Yes, ma'am!"
Two of the women come running at Lambda's summons.
One is an elf, the other a therianthrope.
"Instructor, you called?" asks the elf, practically shouting. The
therianthrope stands at attention beside her.
"This is the new recruit. I'm putting her on your squad."
"Understood!"
"Number 666, strip."
"Huh?" Rose doesn't understand what had just been said to her.
"Number 666 is you. Here, your number is your name."
"I'm number 666..."
"If you got that, then hurry up and strip."
"What?"
"Don't make me repeat myself!"
Immediately, Rose finds her clothes sliced off her body.
It happens in the blink of an eye.
Now she's buck naked.
"Wh-what are you doing?!" Rose squats down in an attempt to cover
herself.
"From today on, you're the scum of the world. You're nobody.
Discard your name! Abandon your clothes! Throw away everything
so you can become the perfect soldier!"
Lambda throws a dark lump at Rose's feet.
309 | P a g e
It's a springy black slime.
"Number 664, teach the worm how to use it!"
"Yes, ma'am!"
"Hmm? What is this?"
A piece of paper flutters up from the tatters that were once Rose's
clothes.
Instructor Lambda picks it up and holds it in front of Rose.
"That's...!"
It's the wrapper from the Tuna King sandwich Cid gave her.
The moment she sees it, all the bottled-up feelings she has for him
begin bursting out.
He was her first love.
He'd fought her in the preliminary tournament, saved her life in the
terrorist attack, and gone on a journey with her.
She considers each of those memories irreplaceable.
A mere week ago, she'd dreamed of taking his hand in marriage.
But she can't go back anymore.
Their paths will never cross again.
"What's with that look? I told you to throw everything away!"
Lambda shreds the paper before Rose's eyes.
The scraps catch on the wind and soar high up into the sky.
The fragments of a dream that will never come to pass...
Drops of tears begin spilling from Rose's eyes.
Prologue
Heading to the Lawless City over Fall Break!
My sister Claire ended up winning the Bushin Festival.
Rose showing up out of nowhere threw me for a bit of a loop, but
thankfully, I was able to improvise a satisfying climax to my
performance.
She nearly stole the show from me, but in a flash of brilliance, I was
like, Wait, can I pull this off? and stole it right back from under her
nose.
And I totally nailed it.
The world is ever changing, and we all have our own motivations as
we walk through life. No performance goes exactly according to
script. So I need to keep my mind pliable to handle any situation the
universe throws at me with a little bit of improv.
Anyway, once the Bushin Festival ended, everything settled back into
its ordinary routine.
I mean, apparently the Oriana Kingdom is kind of a hot mess right
now, but I'm just your average aristocrat, so that doesn't affect me
starting my second semester.
Still, word on the street is that Oriana Kingdom has split into the
something-something faction and the other something-something
faction and they're starting to go at it. Everyone's saying that civil
war is probably gonna break out before the year is over. Man, if they
really do start a civil war, I gotta get in on that action. That sounds
like a blast.
17
As for school, little has changed despite Rose's absence.
I hate to say it, but that's the way things go.
Everyone around me has been saying all sorts of nasty things about
her—that she acted in a fit of jealously or that there was some sort
of succession dispute—but nobody actually knows what really went
down. I'm on her side no matter what her reasons were, so I hope
she's doing okay wherever she is.
Claire's schedule has supposedly been booked ever since her victory.
Between all the speeches she's had to give and the parties
requesting her attendance, she's like a bona fide celebrity. All that
died down a bit when we headed into fall break, though, and she's
back at the academy now.
I guess that's why they call it "fifteen minutes of fame."
Unfortunately, now that she's free, she's been breathing down my
neck, and I've found myself reluctantly forced to throw her a
celebratory dinner.
That brings us to the present, where she and I are in the middle of
enjoying a meal at one of Mitsugoshi's restaurants.
I'm pretty sure I ordered the "Blessing for the Peasants" course—dirt
cheap, a limited-time offer—but for some reason, they brought us
this super-extravagant banquet. Weird.
"I had no idea you could pull something like this off. Not even the
party they threw at the castle had food this nice...," Claire remarks
upon seeing the feast.
We're also in some sort of private room for high-class VIPs.
I wondered if maybe they'd mistaken me for someone else, but I
double-checked with our waitress on my way to the bathroom, and
apparently there's been no error.
Just thinking about the bill makes me squirm.
18
Oh, wait, this place is part of the Mitsugoshi Group. Maybe they're
giving me special treatment because I'm friends with Gamma.
"You know, I'm friends with Mitsugoshi's president," I tell my sister.
"Oh please."
"No, seriously. I'm pretty sure that's why they're giving us the VIP
treatment."
"I wish your jokes had better punch lines. Don't worry, I get what's
going on here. I can see how much work you must have gone
through to put this together for me."
Claire smiles.
I haven't seen her look this pleased in a while. Better just let her
believe what she wants.
"I love the food at Mitsugoshi's restaurants. It's all so unusual—and
delicious. You know, this is the first time I've had roast beef."
"Huh."
The two of us continue making small talk as we enjoy our meal.
"Annerose lost, Princess Iris dropped out, and that Mundane Mann
guy got disqualified. I guess I only won because I got lucky."
"Yeah, basically," I tell her.
"Take that back."
"I meant to say, No way! You won 'cause you're the best!"
"Of course I did. But that's not how society will see it."
"Eh, you can hardly blame them."
"Why don't you try that again?" she threatens.
"If the world can't see that you're the best, there must be something
wrong with their eyes!"
19
"Well, that's just how things are. The masses are blind. But I'm not
the kind of woman who'll just sit quietly as they look down on me."
"You'd probably be more likable if you were."
"I'm this close to blowing a fuse."
"Damn the masses! Go prove to them just how strong and pretty you
really are!"
"That's the plan, of course. And you're going to help me."
"Am not."
"You have no say in the matter. It's for your sake, too."
"Wait, mine?"
"Yours. What do you think's going to happen to you after you
graduate? With your mediocre grades, you'll have a hard time
getting a decent job."
"I mean..."
Now that she mentions it, I haven't given the issue much thought.
She's going to be the head of our household, so I guess I'm gonna
have to get a job of some sort.
Something flashy like joining the Knight Order is out of the question.
I need to be someone more forgettable... Aha!
"I'm gonna become Gatekeeper A."
You know, an extra who tells the protagonist that he can't pass until
he pays the toll.
"Gatekeeper A? What's 'A'?"
"You know, like, 'average'?"
20
"For the love of... Gatekeeping is hardly a job fit for an aristocrat.
They work twelve-hour shifts and get barely any days off. Plus, the
work is grueling, and the pay is dismal."
"Oh. Darn..."
Not having any days off sounds miserable. For one, it'd get in the
way of my shadowbroker activities.
"What about jailhouse guards?"
"That's even worse. You have to interact with the dregs of society all
day."
"Maaaan... Well, I'll just figure it out when the time comes. As long as
I can do the stuff I want to, I'm fine working pretty much anywhere."
"And what exactly is this 'stuff' you want to do?"
"It's a secret. I have a policy of not talking about things that are really
important to me."
"So I'm gathering you have no goals. Stop making up excuses on the
spot to postpone thinking about what you want to do with your life."
"What makes you think that's what I'm doing?"
"Oh, I think you can figure out why."
"Well, whatever."
"You're not 'whatever'-ing yourself out of this one. We're talking
about your future here. So clear your calendar for fall break. If you
do as I say, I'll be able to wedge you into the Knight Order."
"Wait, what do you mean?"
Claire flashes me a fearless smile. "Heh-heh. We're going off to hunt
the Blood Queen, a Progenitor Vampire. Just stay behind me and
you'll be fine."
21
After we finish our dinner, we walk through the darkened capital.
When I tried to pay for the meal, they told me it was on the house.
I guess Gamma really did give me a freebie. Well, Claire did just win
the Bushin Festival, so maybe that was why. Could go either way.
"It's passed the dorm curfew," I note.
"I got you permission ahead of time. I told them you were attending
a party."
"Ooh, good going."
The street is oddly quiet.
I glance up at the sky and catch a glimpse of the new moon shining
overhead. It sort of seems...redder than usual.
"What's wrong?" Claire asks.
"I feel like the moon has a red tinge to it."
"Does it? Looks normal to me."
"Maybe you're right. Anyways, even if the moon turned red or blue
or some other color, it wouldn't really matter."
It definitely looks cooler red, though.
"Oh, I guess I wasn't finished telling you about the Blood Queen,"
Claire remembers.
"Oh, right."
"I assume you already know her followers have been recently
venturing outside the Lawless City and causing no small amount of
destruction."
Bold of her to assume I already know about this.
22
"The affected countries have requested that the Dark Knights Guild
hunt her down."
"Makes sense."
"In short, they put together a team of the finest dark knights. That
said, many of them are egotistic assholes, so there's no guarantee
we're actually going to be able to work together as a team."
"Huh."
"And that's exactly why I'm bringing you along with me. Don't worry,
all you have to do is find somewhere safe to watch me while I do the
work. Even that'll be enough to let you put the mission on your
résumé."
"Ah."
"Once we've padded up your job experiences, it'll be easy to squeeze
you into the Knight Order. I hit it off with the Imperial Guard's
commander at a party the other day, so if you want, I can get the ball
rolling for you."
"Let me think about it."
"The mission's going to take place over fall break. Some of the more
eager ones will set out early, but there's no need for us to rush."
At that moment, I catch the smell of blood in the wind. It's pretty
thick. Did someone die or something?
My sister notices a moment later.
"I smell blood. And it's coming from around here."
She stops in her tracks, then peers into a dark alleyway.
"Stay behind me," she orders.
"Got it."
23
She reaches down to her waist, grips her sword, and walks on in. I
follow her, leaving a little room between us.
As we get a little farther into the alley, we see a dark figure hunched
over.
We can make out the crunch, crunch, crunch sounds of chewing.
Yup, someone's dead, all right.
"Gh...!" Claire stifles her surprised scream and draws her sword.
The shadowy figure must have sensed her, because it turns.
It's a person, drenched in blood.
No wait, not quite.
Its eyes are bloodred, and its slack jaw is lined with jagged fangs.
Crimson drool drips from its mouth onto the pavement.
The half-eaten remains of a human corpse lie by its feet.
"Lower your weapon and surrender peacef—!"
***
The thing bares its fangs and launches itself at my sister.
Its movements are closer to those of a beast than a person.
Claire's blade glistens in the moonlight—then slices its stomach clean
through.
"I warned you," she growls to her bisected assailant.
But...
"Is it still alive...?!"
The thing's torso is scuttling across the ground. It reaches out and
grabs Claire by the leg.
***
24
"That's enough!" My sister's sword cleaves through its neck.
Its head rolls across the stone ground, its teeth snapping impotently
against the air.
Then, after leveling a weak glare at Claire, it eventually goes silent.
The cloying stench of blood fills the alleyway.
"A ghoul... Could it be, one of the Blood Queen's...?"
The creature had been shaped like a human, but its skin was pallid
and bloodless, and its red eyes and sharp fangs caught my attention,
as well.
Furthermore, its bestial movements hinted at an incredible degree of
vitality.
However, it seemed to have completely lost its sense of reason.
"Ghouls are vampire minions, right?" I ask.
Honestly, I couldn't care less about ghouls, but vampires sound like
they might be strong.
Claire looks down and mutters, "Monsters..."
"Sis...?"
"Ghouls were originally humans, weren't they...?"
"I think so, yeah."
"I've been so scared these days, wondering if I'll end up like them in
the future. What if I become a monster, robbed of my reason...?"
"I'm pretty sure you don't have much in the first pl—"
"—Quiet. Supposedly, Princess Rose was one of the 'possessed'... It's
just a rumor, but still. I haven't told anyone, but...I might be
possessed, too..."
"Huh? You might be possessed?"
25
Does she mean that thing I healed, like, forever ago?
"A long time ago, I found some black bruises on my back. I couldn't
tell anyone because I was so scared, but they kept spreading and
getting bigger. Then, out of the blue, I got better one day. They just
vanished like they were never there. 'Thank goodness,' I thought,
'I'm cured.' But when I looked into it more recently, I found
possession never goes away. So if that's what caused those black
bruises, then eventually, I'll..."
"I'm pretty sure you have nothing to worry about."
You're totally cured, after all.
"That was a joke, silly. There's no way I'm one of the possessed."
Claire smiles and gazes up at the night sky. "But still... There's no
guarantee I'll be able to stick around forever... That's why I need you
to clear your schedule for fall break."
"Ugh..."
"This isn't up for discussion. I'm going to go let the Knight Order
know what happened here."
She turns her back to me and starts marching off.
I catch another glimpse of the sky, and sure enough, the moon really
has a hint of red tonight. I kinda wanna see what these vampires are
all about, and the Lawless City sounds pretty interesting, too.
I'm sitting in my dorm room listening to Beta talk.
Every night, after I'm done with my classes, I have my regularly
scheduled Shadow Garden briefing.
"After the incident at the Bushin Festival, Perv has been..."
26
"Uh-huh."
After thinking over everything my sister told me, I'm really starting to
get fired up about going to the Lawless City.
After all, I haven't had a chance to go bandit hunting recently, and
the Lawless City is basically a glorified crew of bandits. And when it
comes to outlaws, what's theirs is mine.
"It's made Epsilon's job considerably easier, as well. Now, as far as
the Oriana Kingdom internal affairs go..."
"Uh-huh."
Like Claire said, I'm going to have to think about what I want to do in
the future.
At the end of the day, it all comes down to money. As long as I can
make some cash, everything will all work out.
And did I mention the Lawless City is full of glorified bandits?
I'd bet anything that their boss is making mad bank off all the shady
stuff they're doing.
In other words, all I have to do is bust in and make off with their
treasure, and my problems will go away. Easy.
"The Shadow Garden continues to grow at a satisfactory rate, and
the laboratory at Alexandria has begun development on the steam
engine, with..."
"Uh-huh."
If I focus on amassing enough money to spend the rest of my life
goofing off, I'll never have to worry about finding a real job.
Heck, I can even try out a bunch of different unassuming jobs: a
gatekeeper, a guard, a bum, a baker... The possibilities are endless.
By having access to money, one can live one's life unshackled to it.
27
Ooh, that sounds kinda smart.
Anyhow, there are three influential parties in the Lawless City, and
unfortunately for them, one of the three is going down.
Which one should I pick, though? Eenie-meenie-miney-mo...
I mean, I could just annihilate all three, but then I wouldn't have
anything to look forward to in the future.
Honestly, this Blood Queen lady sounds the most interesting, and I
can think of badass ways to kill a Progenitor Vampire, but at the
same time, it's the kind of thing where I wanna save the best for last.
Decisions, decisions.
As things stand, the Blood Queen really does feel like the best
candidate.
"...and that concludes my report."
"Uh-huh."
"If there's anything I've omitted or overlooked, by all means, let me
know..." Beta is kneeling before me with her head bowed.
"It reeks..."
When she hears me, she twitches.
"The Lawless City... It reeks of blood..."
"Thank goodness he wasn't talking about me...," Beta murmurs
quietly.
"It seems the Blood Queen is up to something..."
"That's correct. We couldn't find a strong connection between her
and the Cult, so we didn't feel the need to do anything about it,
but..."
"A storm is coming... A storm of blood..."
28
"A storm of what...?"
"Look at the moon, Beta."
"Huh...?"
I point at the vaguely red moon hanging in the air outside the
window.
"Huh, is it a little redder than usual...?"
"Took you long enough to notice... That's the Red Moon..."
"—?! Wait! Is that really the legendary Red Moon...?!"
"...And if it is?"
I cast a sidelong glance at Beta, who's staring dumbfoundedly at the
sky, then hold my bloodred glass of wine up to the lamp as I take a
sip.
The "legendary Red Moon," huh?
Anything sounds cool if you stick the word legendary in front of it.
"Th-that can't be...! If that's the case, then the Lawless City—no,
everything around it will be wiped out...!"
"Worry not."
"B-but people are in danger! We need to dispatch the Shadow
Garden at once—!"
"Didn't I tell you? Worry not..."
"—Ngh!! F-forgive me..."
I look down at Beta as she trembles before I leisurely cross my legs.
"Leave this to me."
"You don't mean... You're planning on handling this one alone,
Master Shadow?!"
29
"Are you trying to stop me...?"
"I understand that's the most efficient way to handle the situation,
but...Master Shadow, what if something were to happen to you?!"
"Worry not." The corner of my mouth curls into a grin. "After all...the
moon is just a little redder than usual. Right?"
"—?!" Beta looks at me, eyes wide.
She initially looks shocked, but her face quickly softens into a gentle
smile.
"I fear I forgot who I was talking to."
She offers me a deep bow.
"The moon is just a little redder than usual... Against you, Master
Shadow, even the legendary Red Moon amounts to little more than
that. I'll be praying for your success."
Damn. All it took was the moon looking kinda red, and now it's the
"legendary Red Moon." Beta's always been good at this stuff.
"Don't you think...the moon looks beautiful this way?"
"Hee-hee... So it does. And it's thanks to you that we can see it that
way."
"Will you drink with me...?"
"Yes! Gladly."
Beta and I gaze up at the moon as we enjoy our wine.
Looks like I'm gonna be able to start my fall break at the Lawless City
with a bang.
30
The Lawless City is, to put it succinctly, one giant slum.
The homeless are huddled everywhere, shanties line the roads, and
the foul stench of garbage permeates the air.
But that isn't all the city has to offer.
For example, it's home to a notable peculiarity—three skyscrapers
towering above its streets.
"That's the Blood Queen's castle. The Crimson Tower...," comments a
man who looks like a professional wrestler heel. He gazes up at the
bloodred edifice. It looms over him, illuminated by the setting sun.
"What's wrong, Quinton? You chicken?"
Standing beside him is a handsome blond man.
"Like hell I'd go chicken, Goldy. I just ain't never seen a building that
tall before."
"Hmm... You know, I've fought all over the world, and I have to
admit, it is an impressive spire. It'd probably take all day just climbing
it."
The two of them sigh as they cast their gazes up at the Crimson
Tower.
It looks almost like a spiral of blood circling up into the sky. Neither
of them can even begin to imagine how it was built.
"Just 'cause they got a fancy tower don't mean that the guy inside's
strong. Let's get a move on."
"At the end of the day, they're just a band of hoodlums, after all. The
Blood Queen's head is ours for the taking."
Quinton and Goldy's appearances make them seem like complete
opposites, but they hit it off surprisingly well from the day they first
met. Maybe it was because they bonded over having been beaten by
31
the same opponent, but for whatever reason, the two of them have
been working as a team since the Bushin Festival.
They walk through the Lawless City under the evening sky. The closer
they get to the city's center, the less it feels like a decrepit slum and
the more like a multicultural hodgepodge.
"Well, that's a surprise..."
"Yeah... Stay sharp."
People merely looking in from the outside never see this aspect of
the Lawless City.
The buildings aren't the only thing that are different. The people
passing by them are no longer commonplace bums, but ruthless
hunters casing them with gleams in their eyes.
Not a single person around them seems like an easy target.
Quinton and Goldy immediately pick up on that.
They brace themselves as they walk, ready to draw their swords at a
moment's notice. The buildings around them start to take on a
unified aesthetic.
It's proof they've made it to the Blood Queen's turf.
They notice a change in the air, too.
"We're close."
Strangely, there are no signs of any residents. However, there's
clearly something scuttling around inside the houses. Quinton and
Goldy can see the Crimson Tower straight ahead.
They tighten their focus and press on.
Finally, they reach the tower.
"This must be the front entrance...!"
32
Quinton approaches the massive door. Ominous, inhuman figures
are carefully etched across its surface. "Here we go." He reaches out
to touch it, but...
"Hee-hee-hee. Stop right there..."
...someone calls out to him. The voice is painfully hoarse, to the point
it's almost difficult to make out the words.
Quinton's hand freezes, and when he looks around, he spots a filthy
mound of cloth piled up beside the door. Then he sees it move—
there's someone wrapped up in it.
"Hee-hee-hee. You two aren't qualified enough to touch the door..."
With that, the person wearing the tattered rags stands.
It's a gaunt man. He's taller than Quinton, but his cheeks and eyes
are sunken. He's little more than skin and bones. His dirty white hair
stretches all the way down to his shoulders.
The best way to describe him would be a "living corpse."
"You think we aren't qualified?!"
"The only ones allowed to open the door are servants, guests, and
the strong..."
"Gotcha... You got a point. We aren't servants, and we weren't
invited. But we are strong as hell, and we're here to take down the
Blood Queen."
Quinton looks up at the white-haired man and grins.
The man stares back at him with unblinking eyes, then laughs. "Hee,
hee-hee-hee. Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee..."
33
34
"Whaddaya think you're laughin' at?!"
"Hee-hee-hee, I think I'm pretty stupid, but...it's always funny when I
find someone even stupider than me..."
"The hell you say?!"
"Hee-hee. You really should know your place... Now, it's too late."
The white-haired man sheds a section of his rags, exposing the right
side of his body.
There's nothing from the shoulder down.
"This was the result of my stupidity when I tried to challenge the
Blood Queen four years ago... Not only did it cost me my arm, but
now I'm a lowly Watchdog on a leash..."
There's a thick collar with a chain fastened around the man's neck.
"Ha. I'm Quinton, a Bushin Festival veteran. And he's Goldy the
Victorious Golden Dragon. We ain't chumps like you."
"Hee-hee. That means nothing to me... I have a policy of not
remembering the names of anyone weaker than me..."
"Huh? And just who the hell are you supposed to be?"
"Hee-hee, I'm just a Watchdog... But once, long ago...they used to
call me the White Demon..."
"The White Demon? Never hearda you. Goldy, you know this guy?"
Quinton turns to his partner.
Goldy shakes his head. "It does sound familiar, but... Sorry, I can't pin
it down."
However, his eyes are fixed cautiously on the Watchdog.
"And there ya have it, Mr. Nobody," Quinton snaps.
"Hee-hee. Fine by me. The names of the stupid are best forgotten
anyways..."
35
"No hard feelings, but we're goin' through that door whether you
like it or not."
"Ah, but I'm a Watchdog... I can't just go letting weaklings by me..."
"...Eh. It's your funeral." Quinton glares at the Watchdog and
unsheathes his blade.
The Watchdog reaches down with his left hand and draws his
narrow, single-edged sword in kind. It's a beautiful weapon and
longer than he is tall.
Goldy follows suit and draws his blade. "Quinton...be careful."
"Whaddaya mean, be careful?"
"That man... I just can't gauge how strong he is."
"What? That one-armed pile of skin and bones? You're full of it!"
Quinton ignores Goldy's warning and attacks.
His greatsword casts a shining trail through the evening sunlight—
and a moment later, blood sprays.
"...Huh?"
Cleaved neatly in two, pieces of the greatsword clatter on the
ground.
"Q-Quinton!" Goldy shouts, and as he does, Quinton crumples from
the gaping wound in his chest.
"Now, then... Who's next...?" The Watchdog stands before Goldy,
drenched in Quinton's blood.
"D-damn you!"
Goldy hadn't been able to make out the Watchdog's slash that
downed his friend.
All he saw was the spray of blood and the greatsword falling.
36
It was an incredible display of skill.
Goldy can tell the Watchdog stands far, far above them—despite
being robbed of his dominant arm and being reduced to skin and
bones.
He readies his sword regardless.
He hasn't known Quinton for long. However, they were united by the
common goal to get back on their feet after the same crushing
defeat.
"Don't worry... He's still alive. He's no good dead, after all..." The
Watchdog laughs.
"How dare you!!"
Goldy gathers magic in his sword, then unleashes his strongest
attack.
"Demonic Golden Dragon! Fatality Strike!!"
The moment he releases it, his eyes meet the Watchdog's.
The Watchdog's eyes are black and horribly bloodshot. When Goldy
meets this bottomless gaze, he suddenly remembers who the White
Demon is.
"W-wait, you're..."
The Watchdog's lips curl upward.
If this one-armed skeleton really is the White Demon...
Understanding the insurmountable difference in their strength,
Goldy makes a spur-of-the-moment choice and fires his attack into
the ground.
"Hmm...?"
A massive cloud of dust billows up.
37
Receding footsteps echo out, and a shout reverberates through the
air. "Quinton!! I swear—I swear I'll come back for you!!"
"Fleeing, huh...? Well, I can't follow him... I'm a Watchdog, after all..."
The Watchdog sweeps away the dust with a single swing of his
sword, then watches Goldy sprint off.
"Hee-hee, but... Will he be able to get out unscathed...?"
As the Watchdog watches, the doors to the houses creak open, and
their "residents" swarm Goldy.
"Hee, hee-hee-hee. Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee...!"
He looks up at the towering skyscrapers.
The Lawless City—the world's dumping grounds, controlled by three
rulers in three lofty towers.
A world operating on survival of the fittest, where evil, wealth, and
power from all over the globe congregate.
A world that no kings, no knights, and no monsters can intervene in.
Welcome to the Lawless City.
A world where might makes right.
38
39
40
Chapter 1
Lawless City Bandit Hunting!
It's fall break.
Claire and I make our way to the Lawless City.
"So this is it, huh? It kinda stinks."
"Don't blame me. It is a slum, after all." She glares menacingly at the
houseless people around us as she talks.
Off in the distance, I can make out three towering spires. It'd be a
hoot if someone knocked 'em over like bowling pins.
"So we just have to head for the tower, right?"
"You want us to just immediately charge the enemy's stronghold?"
she asked. "Good grief. The Dark Knight Association has a base set
up, so we're going to head there first and get the lay of the land."
"Ah."
I follow Claire through the slum. After a little while, we arrive in an
area lined with street stalls.
It's bursting with activity, and the merchants are selling all manners
of strange foods, sketchy drugs, stolen goods, and odd pets.
"Hey there, pretty lady! Come have a gander! I just got some real
lively pets in!"
"Who—me?"
"But of course! You're the prettiest young lady to ever walk this
planet, ain'tcha?"
41
"Heh, someone's got a good eye. I guess it wouldn't hurt to have a
little look."
"Sis, he's just trying to butter you up."
"Shut up."
Claire drags me over to the stall.
"Now, this little lovely one just came in!" The shopkeeper drags over
a young blond man in a collar. "If you need a dark knight slave, young
Goldy here's your man! What do you think? A hottie like him would
go great with a beautiful young lady such as yourself!"
Goldy's face is covered in lacerations and bruises like he's been in a
bar fight, and he groans, "Mmph, mmph!" as if trying to tell us
something.
"He seems a little worse for the wear," Claire observes.
"Huh. I feel like I've seen this guy before."
"Ha-ha! Maybe he got scuffed up a bit in transport, eh? All right
then, how about I drop him from thirty million zeni to twenty-seven
million?"
"That's pretty expensive."
"Oh, no, missy. A dark knight slave of this caliber'd run you double
that anywhere else. You won't get prices like this anywhere but the
Lawless City!"
"Well, I'm not in the market."
"Hey, hey, hey, looks like someone knows how to haggle! Well then,
just for today, how about I throw in another fine stallion?!"
"You call them stallions?!"
"Feast your eyes on this beaut of a dark knight! This here's Quinton!"
42
The man the shopkeeper drags out has the face of a pro wrestler
heel and a large gash across his belly. At least it looks like the
wound's been treated.
Quinton groans, too. "Rngh, rngh!" I wonder what he's trying to tell
us.
You know, he also looks kinda familiar...
"Goldy and Quinton, forty mil for the set!! You won't see deals like
this anywhere else!!"
"What about that cut on his stomach?"
"Oh no, he got knocked around during transport, too?! Then hey,
thirty-seven mil for the set! I can't go any lower than that!"
"Like I said, I'm not in the market."
"What?! Say it ain't so, miss!!"
"I've got the only one I need here, after all." Claire roughly musses
up my hair.
"Ah, so the kid's your..."
"Please don't get the wrong idea," I beg.
"Come on, we're going." Claire grabs me by the scruff of my neck and
drags me off.
As she does, someone else calls out to the shopkeeper.
"Hey, Shopkeep. If you were serious about sellin' those two for
thirty-seven mil, you've got a deal."
"Oh, I'm always serious about prices! Pleasure doing business!
Hmm? Wait, you're..."
"Mmph, mmph!"
"Rngh, rngh!"
43
I guess the two of them got sold after all.
I was kinda worried 'cause I felt like I'd seen their faces somewhere
before, but all's well that ends well.
Wait a minute...
If they just got sold, that means that the stand has at least thirtyseven million zeni on hand. All I have to do is attack it, and...
No, no. I can't let myself be distracted by chump change.
It's better to dream big.
"Come on, pick up the pace."
"I can walk just fine without you dragging me, you know."
"If I don't haul you along, I'm sure you'll find some way to get
yourself lost."
"What? No, I won't."
As we walk, I gaze up at the three towering skyscrapers.
One red, one black, one white.
Eenie-meenie-miney-mo...
When we arrive at the Dark Knight Association's base, my sister
immediately gets called into a meeting. Apparently, they're getting
all the notable dark knights together to have some sort of discussion.
I don't get an invite.
Claire tries desperately to get me in, but her efforts are in vain.
"Wait here like a good boy and don't move an inch," she commands
me, then joins the assembly.
44
The moment she does, I decide to go for a stroll. Like a good boy.
When I get outside, I find the sun has already set. The sky is still
bright from its afterglow, but the reddish moon has begun making its
heavenly ascent to the east.
With each passing day, the moon seems to get even redder, and I'm
pretty sure I'm not just imagining things. I guess the moon in this
world really is different from the one back on Earth...
The people of the Lawless City pay the moon no heed as they mill
about on their business. They focus on the things they need to get
through the day—for some, that's their next customer, and for
others, their next mark.
To honor that spirit, I mark the occasion by crossing paths with ten
different pickpockets.
I leave my wallet in a super conspicuous pocket, so it keeps getting
snatched, but whenever someone steals it, I make sure to return the
favor.
In other words, I take my wallet back, and theirs along with it.
Survival of the fittest, baby.
Remember, getting revenge is fair play.
Just today, my wallet's contents have swelled from forty thousand
zeni to a hundred and ten thousand. What a strange world we live in.
Maybe my true calling is to become Background Resident A in the
Lawless City.
As far as I'm concerned, any city where you can make money just by
going on a stroll is basically paradise.
As I walk along, struck by the urge to start humming, I hear a scream.
"A ghoul! There's a ghoul!!"
45
Huh. And pretty close to where I am, it sounds like.
The Lawless City's residents react quickly. The people who can't fight
immediately flee the area.
However, a bunch of the stalls continue doing business as if they
didn't even hear the shriek. Another group of people even head
toward the direction it came from with grins on their faces.
"Ghouls, huh? We've been getting a lot of those lately."
"Perfect. I need to relieve some stress."
One guy cracks his knuckles, and another draws a knife.
Yeah, I feel that. I like to rubberneck whenever stuff's going down,
too. I stealthily tail them to the scene.
When we get there, the ghoul's already been captured.
Looks like someone broke its legs. It's rolling around on the ground.
Someone kicks it. "Take that! That's what you get for biting my arm!"
Someone stomps on it. "Dammit! I lost big on my bet!! And it's all
your fault!!"
Someone snaps its bones. "I gave Marie a million zeni, but she
dumped me anyways!! And you're to blame!!"
A pool of blood spreads across the ground.
Ah, I get it. Ghouls are hard to kill, so they make for satisfying
punching bags.
The ghoul groans, completely at their mercy. That's the Lawless City
for you.
Stuff like this probably happens all the time around these parts.
A city drenched in blood and slaughter—I like the sound of that.
"Heh-heh-heh."
46
I lean against the wall with my arms crossed as I let out a low
chuckle. Being in the Lawless City is getting me in the mood to do my
"mysterious young man" shadowbroker routine.
Eventually, the ghoul collapses lifelessly to the side, and the mob
gets bored.
Guess the show's over.
Also, it's gotten pretty dark.
The moment I start thinking about heading back, though, I sense the
ghoul regain its strength.
"Ahh!! N-no!"
A man's scream and a spray of blood fill the air.
The reanimated ghoul drives its teeth into one man's neck and rips
out his trachea.
"Wh-what's happening?! They aren't supposed to do that!!"
Another victim falls.
However, despite their agitation, the other men draw their swords.
The risen ghoul is...red.
Its skin and eyes are both as red as blood, and it bares its jagged
fangs and claws as it roars. "GROOOOOAH!!"
Then, it launches into a bestial leap.
Its claws cleave through one man's neck, slicing it clean off.
"R-run!!"
That's enough to make even people from the Lawless City start to
scramble.
The ghoul sinks its teeth into one of the corpses and begins chewing.
I grin, lean against the wall, and chuckle. "Heh-heh-heh..."
47
Now what?
Should I flee like all the other background characters? Or should I
continue playing the part of the mysterious young man?
I'm probably never gonna run into any of these people again, so I do
have the option of not pursuing an NPC lifestyle this time around.
"Heh-heh-heh..."
Hmm.
As I ponder my choices, I sense a presence overhead.
No sooner do I look up than a slender warrior comes swooping down
on the red ghoul from above. Upon landing, the warrior brings their
sword down and bisects the red ghoul starting from the head.
The blow is clean.
Having slain the red ghoul in a single strike, the warrior swings their
sword to shake it clean of blood.
Our eyes meet.
She's a thin, attractive redhead dressed all in black and wearing a
wide-brimmed hat. We stare at each other for a little while.
48
49
"You should leave..." Her voice is surprisingly cute. "The rampage is
beginning..."
With a tormented look on her face, she gazes up at the red moon
hanging in the sky.
"The moon is red... There's no time..."
She's trying to say her bit and leave, but I stop her. "Who are you...?"
"I'm Mary, the Ancient Vampire Hunter... And I'm here to hunt
Elisabeth the Blood Queen..."
And with that, she vanishes into the night.
What's...what's with this feeling?
It's like my chest is throbbing.
"Heh-heh-heh..."
A grin spreads across my face as I look up at the red moon.
Looks like it's gonna be a little longer before I make it back to the
base... I hope Claire doesn't get too mad.
When night falls on the Lawless City, the most crowded area is
invariably the red-light district.
Scantily clad women saunter up and down the streets, trying to
entice male passersby.
Suddenly, a scream echoes through the air.
"Ghoul!! It's a ghoul!!"
However, little troubles are just a part of life. The brothel's bouncer
heads outside and makes quick work of the creature.
50
On any other day, that would have been the end of it.
"Ah! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
One of the girls screams as the bouncer is mercilessly ripped to
shreds.
This ghoul is redder than usual. It tears through the bouncer with
ease, then makes its way toward the shell-shocked girl.
"Marie!!" one of her friends calls out to her, but it's too late.
However, the red ghoul is suddenly split in half.
"Huh...?"
Rent in two, it topples over, revealing a swordsman wearing a jetblack longcoat standing behind it.
He swings his ebony blade to clear off the blood, then looks down at
Marie.
His eyes gleam red beneath his deep hood.
"Eek..."
Scared by those inscrutable eyes, Marie shrinks back.
"If you want to live, then flee..." The jet-black man's voice echoes like
it's coming from the bowels of the earth.
"...the rampage is starting."
As he murmurs, he looks up at the scarlet moon. It feels like there's a
deep sorrow hidden within that form of his.
"The Red Moon... There isn't much time left."
For some reason, the moon's been red as of late.
Marie had thought it strange, but none of her sex-worker friends had
paid much attention to it.
The moon being red doesn't change anything, they'd all thought.
51
"W-wait... Who are you?" Marie calls out to stop the jet-black man
from leaving.
He looks like he's busy, but he did just save her life. She needs to at
least thank him...
"The name's Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..."
And with that, Shadow vanishes into the night.
"Wait...I need to thank you..." Marie looks around, searching for the
suddenly missing man.
"Marie!! Are you okay?!" Her coworker wraps her in a tight embrace.
"Y-yeah. I'm fine..."
"Thank heavens... This kind of stuff's been happening all the time
lately. I dunno if it's the Blood Queen or what, but..."
"Sh-shh! You can't say stuff like that..."
"Hmph. Who's gonna stop me? More importantly, that was Shadow
just now..."
"You know him?!"
"Yeah, but only the rumors. They say he attacked a school, blew up
the Sanctuary, and runs a gang of hooligans."
He was a little scary, but Marie doesn't think he looked like a bad
person.
"Shadow can't be that bad..."
"What're you talking about? He's as big a villain as our three rulers.
But what's a big shot like him doing in the Lawless City...?"
"He said something about a rampage starting. That the moon was
red and that there wasn't any time..."
He must know something.
52
He must have noticed the red moon that nobody else paid attention
to, then deduced the reason behind it.
Marie gets the sense that he's doing it to protect them all.
"What's up with that?" her friend rants. "The Blood Queen's been on
a tear recently. Is she gonna team up with Shadow and start another
war? C'mon, gimme a break! It's always us little guys who get caught
in the cross fire."
"That's not it. Shadow... He's here to stop something from
happening."
"Oh yeah? Like what?"
"It's... I don't know what it is, but it's definitely something bad."
Something's begun.
Marie looks up uneasily at the red moon.
However, she's sure Shadow will do something about it.
"Thank you, Shadow..."
She looks out to where Shadow vanished into the night and whispers
to herself.
Cid is missing.
Claire dashes through the darkened Lawless City in search of her
brother.
"That idiot! I told him not to move an inch!"
When she heard that he'd left the base on his own, her mind went
blank.
53
One of the other dark knights laughed, saying Cid was probably being
sold as a slave as they spoke. Claire decked him, then immediately
rushed out.
The Lawless City is dangerous at night.
It isn't just an ordinary slum. A dark knight student like Cid would be
chum in the water for some of the people who lived here.
"Has anyone seen a kid who looks about fifteen with black hair and
dark eyes?!" she asks the passersby as she frantically scans the
streets.
There are some who take that as an opportunity to attack her, but
she dispatches them all. Her skills are no joke—she did win the
Bushin Festival, after all.
She's following an eyewitness's lead, then finally spots the raven
locks she's looking for.
However...the young man in question is currently being devoured by
a ghoul in a back alley.
"N-no!!"
She draws her sword in a flash and minces the ghoul to pieces. Her
rage only serves to accelerate her blade, and the sound of her
tempestuous slashes hums across the alley.
Once she's done, she kneels in front of the mangled dark-haired boy.
"No...this can't..."
His black locks are drenched in blood. And it's just about the same
length as Cid's.
The corpse is too disfigured to properly identify. However, this was
the only eyewitness account that matched her description.
"Cid, I'm so sorry... I never should have brought you here..."
54
There's no guarantee that the boy in front of her is Cid. Even so, she
embraces his bloody black hair and sobs.
It feels like the regret and remorse are going to crush her.
As she's being racked by emotion, someone approaches her from
behind.
"...What?" she barks, still holding the body.
"Were you the one searching for a boy with black hair and eyes...?"
"...Huh?"
Hoping against hope, she turns around and looks at the redheaded
swordswoman.
"Who are you...?"
"I'm Mary, a vampire hunter. I've seen two kids that match that
description."
"—?! Where?!"
"I saw the first one a little bit ago. He was standing across from a
rampaging ghoul and going 'heh-heh-heh' with a grin on his face."
Claire pictures it, then immediately dismisses the possibility.
"That's not him. My brother's laugh isn't nearly that creepy."
"Noted. The second was a dark knight. One of the Blood Queen's
minions attacked him and carted him off."
"—! What did he look like?!"
"He was kind of plain. Nothing about him really stood out."
That has to be Cid. Claire is certain of it.
"Oh no... Cid..."
"I'm sorry. I tried to save him, but I was too late."
55
"...B-but if they carted him off, that means he's still alive, right?!"
"...He's probably..." Mary wavers, unsure if she should say it.
"What?! You know something?!"
"He's probably...going to be sacrificed. The Red Moon is starting
soon. If you don't save him before then..."
"Please, tell me! Where did they take him?! How can I rescue him?!"
Mary's gaze wanders as she thinks. It chances upon the shredded
ghoul.
"Did you do that?"
"Huh? Ah, yeah. That was me."
"If we work together...there might still be a chance... My target is
Elisabeth the Blood Queen. Your goal is to save your brother. We just
might be able to work together." Mary offers Claire her hand. "If you
agree to help me, I'll tell you everything I know."
Claire takes it without hesitation. "Done. I'll do anything to save Cid."
"Follow me."
Mary proceeds deeper into the alley.
Claire rises to her feet and casts aside the bloody, dark-haired
corpse. Upon closer inspection, his hair doesn't look anything like
Cid's.
"Hold on, Cid. Your big sister's coming to rescue you...!"
She clenches her fists, then vanishes deeper into the alleyway after
Mary.
56
Claire follows Mary to a rundown building. For whatever reason, it's
practically buried under a thick layer of sediment.
Mary takes a lamp and illuminates its interior. It reeks of dust and
mold.
"There's a chair over there...," Mary says, still standing.
"I'm fine."
The chair looks to be on the verge of collapse anyway.
"Fair enough. Claire, was it? Now, your brother's probably in the
Blood Queen's castle, the Crimson Tower."
"What did you mean when you said he was going to be sacrificed?"
"To explain that, I'd need to start by telling you about Elisabeth the
Blood Queen. She was a Progenitor Vampire, and she and the other
Progenitors used to rule the night. This story took place over a
thousand years ago..."
Mary gets a distant look in her eyes as she speaks.
"The vampires used to rule the night, but that came to an end when
the humans learned of their weaknesses. As soon as that happened,
the roles of hunter and prey were reversed. Vampires have three
weaknesses. First, they die if their hearts are destroyed. Although
they're feared for their immortality and incredible regenerative
powers, they can no longer revive if their hearts are destroyed.
Learning that fact was a great boon to the humans, who lived in fear
of them. Second, they lose their powers if they fail to drink blood.
Any vampire who goes too long without blood becomes no stronger
than an average human. Thus, they're biologically forced to coexist
with humanity, unable to ever exterminate them fully. Third and
finally, they turn to ash if they're struck by the sun's light. No matter
how strong they are and how weak we are, all a human has to do to
kill them is find a way to hit them with sunlight. They can employ
57
traps, destroy their dwellings... The possibilities are endless. Because
of that, the daytime came to serve as their execution grounds."
"You certainly know your stuff."
As Claire listens to Mary's explanation, she finds herself impressed by
the depths of Mary's knowledge.
There aren't many who are know much about vampires.
After all, they're largely a thing of the past, and the number of
vampire-related casualties in recent years has been close to zero.
The Lawless City is an exception. Rumor has it the Crimson Tower is
the vampires' final stronghold.
That said, even the people running the Association's meeting haven't
been able to confirm whether there were actually vampires there
yet, and their only knowledge on the matter was academic.
"Humanity eventually drove them out. Vampires vanished from the
night altogether, and people gradually began forgetting about them.
Then, a thousand years ago, there was a terrible tragedy... When the
Red Moon hung in the sky, an entire country was obliterated
overnight. It was a small country, and today, history has forgotten its
very name... But Elisabeth the Blood Queen and her followers were
the ones responsible for the deed."
"When you say the 'Red Moon,' are you talking about how the
moon's been getting a little red recently?"
Mary nods. "It drastically increases the power of vampires and their
minions. The vampires had been driven to the wall, but on that night,
they mounted their rebellion. It lasted three days. A country fell the
first night, and three more suffered catastrophic damages over the
next two. Then, when the Red Moon ended, the Blood Queen and
her followers suddenly disappeared, waiting in hiding until mankind
had forgotten about them..."
58
"So you mean the vampires are plotting another revolution?"
Mary nods again. "They consider humanity livestock, and they've
never forgotten the disgrace of having those pigs overthrow them.
Right now, the Blood Queen is in a thousand-year slumber, and her
close adviser, Crimson, is leading the vampires. When the Red Moon
begins, Crimson plans to revive the Blood Queen. If he does, the
millennia-old tragedy will happen all over again..."
"Wait! So the sacrifice is...?" Claire's voice trembles as her brother's
face flashes through her mind.
"Reviving the Blood Queen requires the lifeblood of a young man
blessed with a lot of magic. They're probably planning on using your
brother as that sacrifice..."
"I won't let them! When does the Red Moon start?!"
Mary looks through the hole-ridden wall at the moon outside,
already stained a deep crimson.
They hear something that sounds like a scream from the distance.
"It just did..."
More screams echo through the night.
"Ghoooooouls!! R-ruuuuuun!!"
A great clamor rises, and the stench of blood fills the air.
"The rampage just started... In other words, the Red Moon gave
them tremendous amounts of power. In exchange, though, they're
being assailed with an uncontrollable urge to drink blood. And it's
only going to get worse from here..."
"...!! What about Cid?! You said he's in the Crimson Tower, right?!"
"Hold your horses."
Mary stops Claire from rushing off.
59
"To be on the safe side, Crimson will probably wait until the moment
the moon is at its very reddest to revive the Blood Queen. There's
still about twelve hours left before then."
"Twelve hours? But it'll be the middle of the day!!"
"The Red Moon lasts for three full days. And during those days, the
night never breaks. But don't worry. I have a plan."
With that, Mary begins ripping up the weathered floorboards.
"In preparation for this day...I dug a hole."
"...A hole?" Claire tilts her head to the side.
Sure enough, there's something there.
Beneath the floorboards, there's an opening just large enough for a
person to crawl through.
"Normally, the Crimson Tower is swarming with minions, so getting
in is nigh impossible. But now that the Red Moon's started, they're
all outside. That gives us a rare chance to sneak in..."
"So you mean, this hole..."
"Invading from aboveground is tricky. But this lets us go in from
below."
"...Clever."
"Let's go over this one last time. My goal is killing Elisabeth the Blood
Queen, and yours is saving your brother. Are you ready to work
together?"
"Absolutely. Glad to have you in my corner, Mary."
"Right back at you, Claire."
The two exchange a handshake.
"Now, if that's decided, let's go. I'm coming, Cid." Claire slips into the
hole without a shred of hesitation.
60
Mary lets Claire go on ahead, then turns around and looks back up at
the scarlet moon.
There's a pained look in her eyes.
"I'm coming, Queen Elisabeth..."
And with that, she follows after Claire.
When I get back to the Dark Knight Association's base, my sister is
gone.
I guess she must have gone for a walk, too.
I don't have anything to do, so I decide to turn in for the night.
—When I wake up, the Lawless City is trashed.
"Wait..."
It should be morning by now, but it's still dark out, a crimson moon is
hanging in the sky, and ghouls are running wild through the streets.
"Is this the 'rampage'...?"
That Mary chick mentioned an important key word.
Apparently, everyone at the base is holding an emergency meeting
to decide how to respond.
I woke up immediately when I sensed a flurry of activity, so it looks
like I didn't miss the party. I think. I slip out of the base, find a tall
building, and stand on top of it clad in black.
"Ah, the time has finally come...!"
This is it. This is the real deal.
The big vampire event is finally upon us!
61
I grin thoughtfully beneath my mask as my black longcoat flutters
behind me.
The key words are "Red Moon," "rampage," and "Blood Queen,"
huh...?
Oh right, and there's some lady called the "Ancient Vampire Hunter."
I gotta make sure I hit her up during the party.
It's gonna be hard, but I have to come up with a schedule for the
event that'll let me have the most fun.
Given how things are going, I assume the ultimate goal is defeating
the Blood Queen.
Sounds like the best strategy for me is to head to the Crimson Tower
and start looting it. That way, I can kill two birds with one stone.
Once I'm there, I can just stay flexible and play it by ear.
Wait, I just remembered. Claire isn't back yet.
Eh, she's a tough cookie. She'll be fine. Hell, given that it's Claire
we're talking about, there's a decent chance she's storming the
Crimson Tower right this moment.
As for me, everyone knows that you gotta kick off events like these
by hunting some ghouls.
Marie watches her final customer of the day leave, then closes her
door.
As the moonlight streams into her room, she casts a glance at her
disheveled sheets and picks up her undergarments strewn on the
ground.
62
After tugging them back on, she collapses onto her bed. Her comely
face sinks into her pillow.
She's exhausted from the day's crazy events, and her customers
weren't exactly great, either. She decides to just pass out.
"Bluhh..."
However, between her sheets damp with bodily secretions and the
stifling smell in the air, she can't get comfortable. She sighs and
opens the window.
The sticky smell fades, but it's replaced by the commotion outside.
"I wonder what's going on...?"
Normally, the sun would be coming up around this time, and the redlight district would be closing up and going quiet for the day.
Today, though, dawn refuses to break, and the entire district seems
to be in chaos. The bright red moon is still hanging in the sky.
Off in the distance, she sees flames licking the sides of a building.
There's been a fire.
She can faintly make out the smell of smoke on the wind.
However, there's a smell that assails her nose even more strongly.
It's rusty and pungent.
The fire is off in the distance, so it shouldn't reach her.
Something is off. The streets are filled with people frantically
running. Why are they panicking? It's just a fire, after all.
As Marie stands in the window, the moon casts her in a beguiling red
glow, setting off her pale skin and dark panties. Her fuchsia hair and
eyes burn vividly in the moonlight.
63
Normally, a beautiful woman standing in the window wearing
nothing but her unmentionables would cause hordes of men to stop
in their tracks and stare.
Today, though, there's no such crowd.
The look in Marie's eyes seems almost cold as she gazes at the
distant fire and the district as a whole.
She's spent five years in this town after being sold here at age
thirteen. Everyone who comes to the Lawless City wants to leave at
first. But as time goes on, that desire dulls, and eventually the
Lawless City stains them with its colors.
Marie hasn't given up just yet.
As of late, though, she's been considering resigning herself to her
fate. It'd probably make things easier on her.
Although she's made a name for herself among the red-light district's
sex workers, she isn't at the top of the pack. Her madam told her,
however, that she could become number one if she set her mind to
it.
That would be a perfectly reasonable way for her to live her life. All
she has to do is forget everything and drown herself in the transient
pleasures of the night...
"Sigh..."
It's been a while since she last thought about the world outside.
Little by little everyone forgets about it, and bit by bit the Lawless
City paints them over and makes them part of itself. One day, that'll
include her...
She goes to close her window, when—
"Eek!"
A beast leaps through it and into her room.
64
No, not a beast. A humanoid carrying themselves like one—a ghoul.
"Ah, ahh..."
Her room is small. There's nowhere to run.
Marie shrinks back across her bed.
The ghoul grins, putting its sharp fangs on full display, then pounces
toward her.
"N-no..."
Tears roll down her cheeks.
In that moment, she realizes she's going to die.
"I told you... Flee...," booms a low voice.
In an instant, the ghoul is torn to shreds. Corpse chunks rain down as
blood sprays across the room.
"Y-you're..." Marie's heart throbs upon seeing that familiar figure
with his ebony blade.
It's a man wearing a jet-black longcoat—Shadow.
"The rampage has begun... Behold, the town is stained with blood..."
"The town...?" As she covers herself up with her sheets, Marie peeks
outside.
"...Oh god."
She doesn't know when it happened, but the streets are wet with
blood.
There are grisly corpses and rampaging ghouls everywhere. Many of
the sex workers don't make it out in time, and they're attacked the
moment they step outside.
"L-look out...!"
65
Marie's coworker numbers among their ranks, and Marie lets out an
unthinking scream.
The next moment, though, the ghoul attacking her is hacked to
pieces.
"The rampage has begun... And now, the storm of blood rages..."
A man in a black longcoat is standing behind it.
"Huh?!"
Marie looks across her room, but there's no one there.
"Flee, before it's too late..."
Then, a scream rings out from down the street.
In the brief moment it snatches Marie's attention, Shadow vanishes
again.
"The rampage...blood...flee..."
She can hear his voice, but she's not sure where from. The bodies of
dead ghouls go flying through the air.
Now that she takes a better look, she realizes that the grisly corpses
along the street are all ghouls, too.
She can't see Shadow himself, but she can tell that the creatures
being eviscerated are starting to get farther away.
"Is he...protecting us?"
Marie is certain her intuition was on the mark. She knew Shadow had
come to save them.
She quickly gets dressed, packs her things, and leaps out the secondfloor window.
"Thank you, Mr. Shadow..."
She gazes in the direction he vanished with passion in her eyes.
66
She vows to repay him someday...then takes advantage of the
confusion to make her escape.
The Dark Knight Association is overwhelmed.
They rounded up their finest to mount a counteroffensive against the
ghouls, but between the creatures' enhanced powers and
overwhelming numbers, the Association was forced to retreat.
"Graine the Strong is wounded, too!! We have to fall back!"
"Stop talkin' nonsense! That's your post!! If you don't hold it, who
will?!"
"Not my problem!! We've got men down! You want me to just let
them die?!"
A group of dark knights is surrounded on the main road. They're
trying to mount a resistance, but the seemingly endless throng of
ghouls is wearing them down.
"Everyone! Please, follow your orders!"
Claudia, the elite Association member in charge of commanding the
anti–Blood Queen operation, desperately strains her voice, but it's
only a matter of time before morale crumbles.
The road is overflowing with ghoul corpses.
Expert dark knights are nothing but impressive, and everyone
present can handily outmatch a ghoul.
However, nobody expected they'd be attacked by quite so many.
This evil plot must have taken years to plan.
67
Even with all the dark knights they've assembled, they can't so much
as reach the Crimson Tower's base. So this is what the Blood Queen,
the woman who controls a third of the Lawless City, is capable of...
Even the Dark Knight Association has had a long-standing "Don't get
involved with the Lawless City" policy. Claudia fully understands why,
and she curses her superiors for having gone against it.
"Those worthless geezers."
Normally, she would never refer to them so harshly in public. That
dirty geezer who squeezes her butt, that nasty one with eyes always
locked on her chest, that horndog who won't stop trying to make
advances on her, that...oh, she can go on and on.
She makes up her mind to ignore her orders and issue the command
to retreat. If those geezers demote her for it, she'll just hand in her
resignation straight to their solar plexuses.
The only problem is that she and the others are currently stuck in a
throng of ghouls.
Evacuating is easier said than done.
"I was too late, huh...?" she mutters in self-derision. If only she'd
made her choice earlier.
She'd put off making a decision to protect her own status, and now
she was reaping the rewards of her foolishness.
Claudia draws the sword from her back and steels herself.
She has no intention of putting her life on the line for those geezers,
and to be totally honest, she doesn't much care what happens to the
egotistical meatheads under her command, either.
Still, she's the one who put off the decision, so she needs to be the
one to take responsibility.
"We're retreating! I'll cover our rear!"
68
She started as a normal dark knight and worked her way up the ranks
herself. Contrary to appearances, she's confident in her sword arm.
"Hell yeah, she said we're retreating!!"
"Hah, the rear's all yours! I'm outta here!"
The dark knights stream past her, fleeing the scene.
At least one of you could have stayed behind to help! she shouts
silently in her heart as she starts slicing through the ghouls.
Ghouls rush forward. Dark knights sprint back. And then there's
Claudia, fighting for her life as she tries desperately to stay between
the two groups.
However, manning the rear alone is far too great a task for Claudia,
and she quickly hits her limit.
When she slips on a puddle of blood, the ghouls descend upon her.
"Rgh...!" Claudia closes her eyes—
A black swordsman descends from the night.
"Huh, aren't you...?"
In a single swing of his sword, he sweeps away the ghouls straddling
her prone body. She's captivated by his superb form.
The swordsman in black stoops down low and draws his sword back.
Then—
"Now fall...Ebony Swirl."
The black swordsman's blade extends until it's several times as long
as he is tall.
Then, a jet-black whirlwind bursts forth.
It slices through the ghouls like they're slips of paper, decimating
their ranks in the blink of an eye.
69
"You're kidding..."
Still collapsed on her rump, Claudia gazes up at the black swordsman.
Seeing the beautiful arc his sword cast and the density of the magic
packed into it has set her heart aflutter. She's a respectable dark
knight in her own right, so she can tell how abnormal his strength is.
The fleeing dark knights stop in their tracks and gaze at the black
swordsman in astonishment. A clamor spreads through their ranks.
"Wh-who is that guy...?"
"He wiped out all the ghouls like it was nothing..."
Seemingly indifferent to the ruckus he's caused, the swordsman
speaks in a voice that sounds like it's echoing from the abyss itself.
"The rampage has begun... This is beyond you people..."
"The rampage...?"
"The moon is red, which means time is short..."
A red moon hangs in the dark sky.
Claudia can't think of a time she's ever seen it that color before.
She'd thought it a little creepy, but she had no idea why it was like
that.
"The moon is red... Wait..."
At that moment, Claudia connects the dots between everything
that's going on in the Lawless City and an old legend she heard as a
child.
"You're saying that that's the Red Moon...?!"
If it was, they were all in danger. When the Red Moon last appeared
a thousand years ago, vampires decimated an entire country
overnight. If things kept on like this, that tragedy was about to be
repeated.
70
Claudia calls out to the black swordsman as he turns to leave. "Wwait! Please, as a member of the Dark Knight Association, I'm asking
for your help!"
Having his insane power on their side would be an enormous boon.
Selling her shitty bosses on the idea was going to be a struggle, but
still...
His response is flat. "That won't be necessary—I'll end this soon."
"You'll end this...?" Claudia shivers. "Wait, you're planning on taking
on the Blood Queen alone...?!"
It couldn't be done.
The Red Moon and the Blood Queen were practically on the level of
natural disasters. It took an entire country mobilizing to stand up to
them.
But for this black swordsman—maybe it wasn't so impossible after
all.
"Wh-who exactly are you...?"
"The name's Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..."
His jet-black longcoat flutters as he walks atop the carpet of blood. In
shock, Claudia watches him leave.
"That was Shadow...," she mumbles.
His footsteps click as they become more and more distant.
At his destination lies the Crimson Tower lording over the city and
the dark red moon shining above it.
71
"Master Crimson, the sacrifice is ready."
"I see..."
Crimson has been looking down over the Lawless City, but his gaze
shifts to the moon floating in the night sky. His wine-red hair washes
down past his elegant features.
"The Red Moon...isn't ready yet..."
The moon is stained red, but it isn't enough. He has to keep waiting if
he wants to be absolutely sure.
"How is gaining control of the city proceeding?" he ventures to ask.
"Things have begun according to plan. But..."
"But?" Crimson whirls around and fixes his gaze on his tongue-tied
subordinate.
The man's eyes dart around as he continues. "But...a few localities
have offered more resistance than we anticipated."
"Is it the Dark Knight Association's doing?"
"No, they aren't proving a threat. However, there are three people
who are. One is Yukime the Spirit Fox. Another is Juggernaut the
Tyrant."
"Those two..."
Crimson grimaces as he looks back down over the city. The ghoul
swarm is spreading out and expanding its area of influence well, but
there are three waves fighting against the tide.
Crimson is all too familiar with Yukime the Spirit Fox, ruler of the
White Tower, and Juggernaut the Tyrant, ruler of the Black Tower.
He's suffered bitter losses at their hands many times before.
Although he's loath to admit it, both of them are a fair bit more
powerful than he is.
72
Now, though, things are different.
The Red Moon has begun. All he needs to do is resurrect his Queen,
and they, too, will sink into the ocean of blood.
"Heh-heh-heh... Let them do as they please. It's not as though they
can reach us. When the Blood Queen is reborn, our victory will be
assured..."
Crimson laughs as he approaches the coffin enshrined in the middle
of the room.
"Oh, my beloved Queen... Soon, this world shall be ours..."
As he strokes the coffin, he suddenly realizes something.
"Wait, you said three people. Who's the third?"
Crimson only knows of two with the strength to stand against the
Red Moon.
"W-w-we're not entirely certain yet. But we know he's taken out a
number of ghouls on his own, as well as the vampires we sent as
reinforcements."
"What...?"
"His name is Shadow. As we see it, he may well pose the biggest
threat to us..."
"Shadow..."
Crimson frowns as he whispers the name.
73
74
75
Chapter 2
Storming the Crimson Tower!
There are three forces rushing toward the Crimson Tower.
One is the Tyrant on a violent rampage.
The man is like a tanned goliath. His weapon is a massive, billhookshaped slab of iron, and he uses it in conjunction with his raw brute
strength to cleave through the ghouls.
Nobody dares get near him. The moment they do, they're bound to
be reduced to mincemeat.
The next force is the Spirit Fox, prancing toward the tower.
She's a foxwoman with bewitching beauty and fur the color of snow.
Nine tails shine in the moonlight. Each of her hands holds an ironribbed folding fan, and she weaves an elegant dance as she slices
through ghoul after ghoul.
The moment their eyes are led astray by the alluring skin peeking out
from within her kimono, she brings them to their eternal slumber.
As they massacre their way through the creatures, the two forces
crash into each other.
"Screw you, vixen!"
"What a positively troublesome man you are." The Spirit Fox skillfully
repels the Tyrant's billhook.
When it smashes into the ground, a large cloud of dust flies up.
"Been a while, Spirit Fox." A fiendish smile spreads across
Juggernaut's face.
76
Yukime sighs in annoyance. "I, personally, would have preferred not
to see you at all."
"Hey, I'm just here for the bloodsuckers. But I'm happy to put your
ass in the ground, too." Juggernaut brandishes his gigantic weapon
like it's a toy.
"Nobody likes a persistent man, you know." Yukime readies her fans
in turn.
But the moment the two of them are about to attack, the final force
converges on their position.
A man wearing a jet-black longcoat silently descends through the
night.
Then, in the blink of an eye, he vivisects his three vampiric pursuers.
Seeing the man's agility stuns the Tyrant. His movements are
smooth, explosive, overwhelmingly powerful. Even the Tyrant finds
himself forced to admit the man is strong.
What impresses the Spirit Fox is the way he handles his sword.
She's lived a long time, but she's never seen such beautiful
swordplay or such efficient, economical technique. His sword dance
is practically an art, to the point that it amazes even Yukime.
The two speak in unison.
"Who the hell're you...?"
"And who might this be...?"
The man in black turns to look at them as he shakes the blood clean
from his sword.
"My name is Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..."
And with that, the three forces collide.
77
Each of them tries to stare the others down.
Yukime's eyes are like pools of still water, Juggernaut's are black and
have a falcon-like glint in them, and Shadow's are red, glowing, and
inhuman.
"Shadow...? I feel like I've heard of ya before."
"Rumor has it that there lies a mysterious armed group called the
Shadow Garden outside the city. Its leader goes by the same name, it
would seem."
"Oh, so he's that Shadow."
"The rumors were of questionable veracity, but the man has the
skills to support these claims, it seems."
78
79
Their steely gazes bear down on Shadow, but he doesn't seem to
mind.
The wind blows, causing Shadow's sword to whistle. Yukime unfurls
her fans, and Juggernaut hoists his billhook up onto his shoulder.
The wordless standoff draws on.
Juggernaut is the first to break the silence. "Are we just gonna keep
staring at each other? Or are we gonna get this death match
started?"
"If there is going to be killing, I would like to have Mr. Shadow on my
side. Pray pardon, Mr. Shadow, what say you?" Yukime casts an
amorous glance Shadow's way.
Juggernaut scoffs. "Hey, word to the wise, don't trust that fox. She'd
kill you in your sleep."
"—This is insipid." Despite the gravity of the situation, Shadow turns
his back on the other two without a shred of trepidation. "The Red
Moon has risen, and the rampage has begun... I don't have time to
waste playing around with you people."
"Turnin' your back on me? That takes balls." Juggernaut glares at the
back in question.
"It would seem you have a peculiar insight into this situation. The
Red Moon... I feel as though I've heard that name before..."
"You goin' senile in your old age, Grandma?"
"Quiet. As Mr. Shadow said, I, too, verily believe fighting here would
be a waste of time. I only came hither because I did not want to lose
any more of my people to the ghouls. You're the same, no?"
"You and I ain't got nothin' in common. The Lawless City doesn't
need three towers, so I just figured I'd come and knock one of the
spares over, that's all."
80
"Your efforts would be better spent on the Blood Queen, no?"
"Screw this, I'm out. I'll kill you next time, hag." Juggernaut glares at
Yukime and Shadow, then leaves.
Yukime watches him go, but stops Shadow before he can follow suit.
"Wait. Truth is, Mr. Shadow, I know who you are. I run the pleasure
houses here, you see."
Shadow looks at Yukime out of the corner of his eye.
"Word has it that a number of my girls owe you their lives. I owe you
a debt, certainly, and I would love a chance to show you my
appreciation sometime, if you'd let me."
"I don't need your thanks... It wasn't like I was trying to save them."
Shadow's shoes click as he walks away.
"And they were all so thankful, too... What humble man crosses our
path... I will wait as long as it takes, just know that the White Tower's
doors are always open to you."
Yukime bows toward Shadow's back.
"I do think we shall meet anon."
With a coquettish smile, Yukime turns toward the Crimson Tower,
and Shadow vanishes from sight.
The Watchdog is waiting for prey outside the Crimson Tower.
He sits on the ground, cradling his gaunt body with a warped smile
stiff upon his face.
Once, he was the killer—no, the knight—known as the White
Demon.
81
Back in his country, he'd served as a knight captain. With his white
hair fluttering over his white uniform, he'd cast the image of an ideal
defender of the peace.
However, his true nature was that of a bloodthirsty serial killer who
stalked the streets at night. Ever since he was born, he'd taken joy in
killing people. The red blood, the screams, the looks of desperation
on their faces... Killing others made him feel alive.
One day, though, one of his colleagues caught him in the act. In that
moment, he became the White Demon.
In the space of a single night, the White Demon slew his entire knight
order before fleeing. Then, once he escaped, he kept on killing,
eventually making his way to the Lawless City.
He knew no fear. He thought he stood at the very top of the food
chain.
However, when he challenged the Crimson Tower, his
misconceptions were shattered. The White Demon had struck fear
into countless hearts, but he was unable to lay so much as a finger
on Crimson. He was unilaterally defeated and ended up having to
plea for his life.
Now, he works as a Watchdog.
The freedom to kill was stolen from him.
Killing had given his life purpose, and he'd lost even that...
Now, an opportunity was finally approaching him.
"Hee-hee..."
When the Red Moon started, most of the vampires had left the
tower.
That meant there was no one left to judge him. As long as the Red
Moon continued, he could kill as he pleased.
82
And so, the White Demon waits for prey. He's the Watchdog no
more—he's the White Demon, and he's waiting for people to
slaughter.
Rumor has it that the Dark Knight Association is planning on
assassinating the Blood Queen. As the White Demon waits for his
target, he practically prays that someone will come by.
And then—
Violent footsteps rumble through the streets, and his fervent wish is
granted.
"Hee-hee...hee?"
The White Demon looks up in ecstasy to see a tanned behemoth.
The man's body is covered in thick, veiny muscles, and he's carrying a
billhook longer than he is tall.
The man glares at the White Demon with a stern glint in his eye. He
practically exudes violence. The White Demon is certain of it—this is
Juggernaut the Tyrant, one of the Lawless City's rulers.
"You're in the way. Move."
"Hee..." The White Demon instantly averts his gaze and steps away
from the door.
He knows full well that there are people who are stronger than him,
and he knows he absolutely can't lay a hand on the Lawless City's
rulers or their inner circles. He learned that the hard way—from
fighting Crimson.
"Annoying."
The Tyrant stops in front of the door, then swings his colossal
billhook and smashes it to smithereens.
"Hee?!" The White Demon shrinks back to let the Tyrant pass and
looks at the pulverized door.
83
It had been thick, not to mention reinforced with iron. Even a dark
knight would have had trouble getting through it. The man who
obliterated it in a single blow enters the Crimson Tower.
The White Demon is terrified at the thought of what might be
starting.
Then he hears footsteps from behind.
They're reserved and light, so they clearly belong to a woman. He
likes women. Their flesh is so tender.
A wicked grin spreads across his face as he turns around.
There, he finds a woman so bewitching and fair, she seems almost
unworldly.
Her hair is lustrous and white, and it's adorned with a pair of fox
ears. Two iron fans hang from her kimono's sash.
That's all well and good.
However, the problem is the nine fox tails swaying behind her.
"Hee?!"
There's no mistaking it. The woman is Yukime the Spirit Fox, one of
the Lawless City's other rulers.
"Move."
"Hee-hee!"
The White Demon shuffles to the side before she even finishes her
sentence. She's way, way out of his league. He cowers behind a
corner as the Spirit Fox passes him by and enters the tower, then he
looks up.
Is the tower going to survive, now that the Tyrant and the Spirit Fox
are inside? Are those monsters going to have an all-out war?
Then he hears footsteps once more.
84
Upon hearing them click, the White Demon grins.
The Tyrant and the Spirit Fox are already inside, so there's no way
someone of their caliber can possibly show up.
Sure enough, who he finds is just some guy in black he's never seen
before.
The man's wearing a jet-black longcoat, and his face is covered
beneath a hood and behind a mask.
However, it's impossible to get a read on the man's strength. When
someone is as strong as the White Demon, he can usually tell how
powerful his foe is before the fight even starts. However, he's
drawing a complete blank on the man in the longcoat.
Still, compared with the Tyrant and the Spirit Fox, he's probably an
easy target.
This is the prey I've been waiting for.
"...Hee-hee!!"
The moment the man in black enters his range, the White Demon
strikes.
Got him.
As soon as that thought passes through his head, the White Demon
finds himself looking up at the sky.
"Hee...?"
Unable to tell what's going on, he glances around, only to find that
his bottom half is still standing.
It's been separated from his top half, and it gushes blood as it
topples to the ground.
That's when the White Demon finally realizes he's been cut in two.
"Hee... Hee..."
85
He assumes the man in black will just head into the Crimson Tower
after having sliced him in twain, but instead, he plants his foot on the
outside of the tower and begins running straight up its side.
"Hee?!"
As the blood pumps out of his body, the White Demon can't believe
his eyes.
But the man in black isn't done yet. Halfway up, he comes to an
abrupt stop, smashes open the wall with his fist, and slips into the
hole.
The man is insane.
He's clearly far more dangerous than the other two...
The White Demon now realizes that he's laid a hand on someone he
absolutely wasn't supposed to.
"Hee... Hee..."
The moment before the life fades from his body, he recalls
something. "Wait, isn't that where they keep the treasure?"
Thump, thump, thump. Hearing a low thud, Beta glances up from her
book.
When she looks around the spacious library, she sees that one part
of the wall is vibrating in concert with the noise.
Is someone hitting the wall from outside?
Right as the thought crosses her mind, the wall suddenly gives way,
and a pair of women come tumbling through, accompanied by a fair
bit of dirt.
86
"Ow?!"
"Oof."
The dark-haired girl lands on the ground face-first, and the redhaired girl collapses on top of her.
"Owww... I wasn't expecting the wall to be so brittle."
When the dark-haired girl looks up with her hands clamped on her
nose, Beta realizes that she knows her. It's Claire Kagenou, her
master's sister.
"I told you to be careful...," her attractive redheaded companion
notes emotionlessly.
"If we'd taken it slower, we might not have made it in time. Also,
Mary, would you mind getting off me?"
"Oh, sorry, Claire."
After the redhead does as requested, the two of them stand up and
dust off their clothes.
"By the way, where exactly are we?"
"We should be right under the Crimson Tower, but..."
Beta chooses to answer their questions. "You're in the Crimson
Tower's underground library."
That's when they finally notice her sitting on her chair.
"...Well, they found us fast."
"That's why I told you to be careful..."
"Look, I'm sorry. But it looks like we'd have been found out one way
or the other."
The two of them draw their swords and square off against Beta.
Beta sighs and closes her book.
87
"Good grief... I never expected someone to come popping out of the
wall. Now, I should get rid of the witnesses..." Beta sneaks a glance at
Claire as she mutters. "But it looks like that isn't an option. Nobody
lay a hand on them."
Although she quietly gives some orders, all appearances suggest that
the three of them are alone.
"I have no intention of fighting you. Would you be so kind as to put
away your sword, Ms. Claire?"
"...! You know me?"
"You're Claire Kagenou, the winner of the Bushin Festival."
"I guess my name's gotten around. Fair enough. Tell me who you are
and what you want. Once I'm sure you aren't my enemy, we'd be
happy to back down."
"Wait, Claire..."
"We don't have time to be fighting unnecessary battles. She doesn't
look like she's on the Blood Queen's side, and...she looks like a tough
opponent." Claire's gaze sharpens as she speaks.
Beta looks like she's just casually sitting there, but the air about her
suggests she won't go down easily.
"Agreed."
Beta's wearing a black bodysuit and mask, and she certainly doesn't
look like one of the Blood Queen's supporters. If anything, she's
probably an intruder like Claire.
"Who I am and what I want, huh...? Well, you're right. Just like you,
I'm here to invade the Crimson Tower."
"I need more details."
"I'm afraid that would take a while."
88
"Give me the specifics, but make it concise."
"My, how particular." Beta shrugs. "My name is Beta, and I work for
the Shadow Garden. I came to the Crimson Tower because I have
some business to attend to."
"Is that so. And what exactly is the mysterious Shadow Garden doing
here?"
"Hmm... How much to tell you? There are things I'm allowed to say
and thing I'm not, after all. How about this...? We're conducting
research on possession for certain reasons, and we wanted a blood
sample from a Progenitor."
"On the possession...?!"
"Why do you need a Progenitor's blood...?"
Claire reacts to the possession bit, whereas Mary responds to the
mention of Progenitor's blood.
"Over the course of our research, we arrived at a certain hypothesis.
There's a possibility that the blood of the possessed and the blood of
the Progenitors share the same origin and that the two merely
diverged as they were inherited from parent to child."
"You dare blaspheme against the Progenitors...?" A harsh look
crosses Mary's eyes, and she tightens her grip on her sword.
"It's only a theory, and we certainly mean no insult to the
Progenitors. We just wanted a sample so we could check for
ourselves. I do find one thing puzzling, though. Why does the
thought make you so mad, Ms. Ancient Vampire Hunter?"
"—?! You know who I am, too, it seems..."
"I've heard rumors."
"I see... Then you know not to get in my way."
"Oh, I wouldn't dream of it."
89
Mary glares at Beta as she stows her sword. Beta shrugs, then
reopens her book.
"Vampires live long lives, and the quality of their libraries certainly
reflect that. There are all sorts of valuable documents here. Are you
satisfied now, Ms. Claire?" she asks as she goes back to reading.
Claire glances between Mary and Beta, thinking.
"There's one more thing I want to know." She stares straight at Beta,
her expression grave.
Sensing Claire's pointed gaze, Beta looks up. "If it's something I'm
allowed to answer."
"Is there a way to cure the possessed?"
Beta doesn't answer right away. She stares at Claire for a little while,
clearly deep in thought.
"I'm...afraid I can't tell you. However, I will say you personally don't
have anything to worry about."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Exactly what I said." Beta turns the page in her book, clearly not
intending to say any more.
Claire quietly clicks her tongue, then turns around. "Let's go."
Before she and Mary can leave the library, Beta calls out to them.
"Wait. Ms. Claire, would you be willing to tell me why you teamed up
with the Ancient Vampire Hunter to come to the Crimson Tower?"
"Why do you want to know?"
"Idle curiosity, nothing more."
Claire frowns as she answers. "The Blood Queen kidnapped Cid, my
kid brother. If I don't hurry, he's going to be used as a human
sacrifice."
90
"Your younger brother is...?" Beta tilts her head to the side.
"Is that true?!"
Suddenly, a fourth voice calls out in a library occupied by three
people.
When they look toward where the voice came from, another woman
stands there seemingly having appeared out of thin air. She's
wearing a black bodysuit, and her face is hidden behind a mask.
"Number 666, restrain yourself."
"But I... I'm sorry..."
Although she looks like she wants to dash off this very moment,
Number 666 pulls herself together and steps back with her head
hung.
"Is that all? If so, we're leaving." Claire reaches toward the library
door.
"One last thing. Is there really no way you can try to re-create the
Haven...?"
Claire turns around. "What does that mean?"
But Beta isn't looking at her. She's staring straight at Mary.
"Hey, wait—"
Mary looks away and wordlessly leaves the library. Claire hurries
after her.
For a little while, the library is quiet again. The only noise is the
sound of pages turning.
"Number 666, I'm disappointed in you," says Beta as she reads.
"My deepest apologies..." Number 666 bows her head in contrition.
91
"Lambda spoke highly of your skills, and Alpha has great expectations
for you. But this is a mark against you. Also, you two should have
stopped her."
"My apologies."
"Sooorry."
Two more women appear behind Number 666.
"This is Number 666's first field exercise. Number 664, as her squad
leader, this is your responsibility."
"Understood..."
"We'll need to be more careful going forward. To be absolutely clear,
our mission is to recover a sample of Progenitor blood for the lab.
However, Master Shadow said he'd handle the Blood Queen, so we
have to make sure we don't act carelessly. Until he arrives, our job is
to continue surveying the materials in the library and collecting
anything important. Now, get back to work."
"Yes, ma'am."
As ordered, the other three quickly get back to the tasks at hand.
As Mary expected, there are almost no vampires left in the Crimson
Tower.
That said, there are still some, and every now and again, the two of
them find themselves under attack.
Claire swings her sword and slices through a vampire's neck.
However, its body still moves.
"Stab them through the heart!"
92
Following Mary's instructions, Claire impales the headless vampire's
heart. When she does, thin red fissures of light spread from it, and
soon nothing but ashes remain.
Behind Claire, Mary takes down their final foe.
It's thanks to her help that the two of them have made it through all
the attacks unscathed.
Although she has less raw magic at her disposal than Claire, her
mastery with the sword is downright impressive. And more
important, she's used to fighting vampires.
Most vampires rely on their physical strength in battle, and it's easy
to imagine how difficult it would be to go up against an opponent
with such superhuman movements and astounding regenerative
skills in a fair fight.
However, Mary seems to practically know what the vampires are
going to do before they do it, and her responses are swift and
precise.
Having her help is going to be essential in rescuing Cid. Claire knows
that full well.
Yet even so—she just can't help but say something.
"Are you hiding something from me?" she asks as Mary stares
somberly at the last remaining pile of ash.
"What do you mean, 'something'...?" Mary replies, her face
unreadable.
"You were acting strangely back at the library. It was like you were
on the vampires' side. Weren't you here to hunt the Blood Queen?"
"I am."
93
"Really? Then I have to ask: How do you know so much about
vampires? I can tell by watching you fight them. You know how they
think. You understand them better than anyone."
"It's because I've dedicated my entire life to hunting down the Blood
Queen..."
"And I'm saying that isn't enough to explain it. What was up with
that last exchange back at the library, then? What's the Haven?
What's this about you re-creating it?"
With each sentence, Claire's tone grows harsher.
However, Mary offers her no answers.
"You can't just play dumb," Claire comments.
"Well, you're no different."
"Huh?"
"You have things you're keeping from me, too. Why is it you're so
obsessed with the possession?"
***
"Everyone knows there's no way to heal it."
"...I suppose not." Claire bites her lip.
"Everyone has their secrets. Don't they?"
"...Maybe we should both just stop asking questions. I'll help you
take down the Blood Queen; you help me save my brother."
"Sounds good to me..."
Neither meets the other's eyes as they resume their ascent.
94
"Wait."
A little while later, Mary, who's walking ahead, stops in her tracks.
"What's wrong?"
"I can hear someone fighting up ahead."
The two tread silently as they draw closer to the noise. It sounds like
there's a battle taking place on the other side of the door. However,
there aren't any other routes they can take.
"Looks like we don't have a choice..."
"Try opening it a tiny bit and peeking inside."
Mary gives Claire's suggestion a nod, then peers through the
doorway.
Inside, there appears to be a sizable hall. The scarlet moon floats in
the sky outside a large window.
A tanned goliath is holding a vampire by the throat and grinning.
"Y'all are weak..."
The man's massive billhook is stained with blood, and he's
surrounded by ghoul chunks and piles of ash.
"And you're part of the top brass round these parts, too. I recognize
your face. Now, where's Crimson?" The man wrings the vampire's
neck as he asks his question.
"Wh-who can say...?"
"What? You ain't gonna talk?"
"No... I...don't need to..."
The moment the words leave the vampire's mouth, his body
transforms into a cloud of red mist. It's Mistform, an ability that only
the strongest vampires can use.
95
"Oh?" The tanned man's hand snatches at the empty air, and the red
fog gathers behind him.
The vampire's hand emerges from the mist, and his sharp claws bear
down on the man.
However, the tanned man doesn't so much as look back.
"My instinct's always right..."
He just casually swings his colossal weapon.
A terrifying gust of wind blows all the way to the door, and Mary and
Claire have to frantically push on it to keep it closed.
When they peek back inside, they see the vampire's flesh scattered
across the ground like mincemeat. The chunks quickly turn to ash.
"Who's that guy?" Claire whispers.
He certainly doesn't look like a vampire, but it's hard to see him as
an ally, either.
"He's Juggernaut the Tyrant, one of the Lawless City's three rulers.
We should try to avoid fighting him. That vampire he just killed was
the third strongest among the Blood Queen's inner circle..."
"That guy was the third strongest...?"
Given the absurd gulf in power between him and the Tyrant, it
certainly didn't looked that way.
"Let's just stay hidden..."
Claire nods, agreeing with Mary's suggestion.
However, the Tyrant calls out from the other side of the door, "My
instinct's always right... Someone's there, ain'tcha?"
"—Gh!"
Suddenly, the door splinters.
96
As the billhook comes cleaving horizontally through from the other
side, Mary and Claire throw themselves to the ground. The sound of
violence booms out from above them.
"What, two little girls?"
The Tyrant gazes down at the two of them from beyond the smashed
door.
"Well, this is bad."
"Looks like we're out of options."
They draw their swords, and the Tyrant laughs.
"Y'all don't look like vampires, but...hey, it's your funeral."
He brings the colossal billhook crashing down.
They each evade the blow by dodging to a different side. The
weapon smashes into the ground, sending rubble flying into the air.
The Tyrant casts a sharp glare at his targets from within the storm of
debris then aims for Claire, the closer of the two.
He takes a massive step forward and, with a swing of his thick arms,
brings his billhook to bear.
However, Claire can see through his movements.
Although the Tyrant is blessed with both speed and power, his
peculiar weapon necessitates sweeping motions. He may be fast, but
Claire can read him like a book.
Sure enough, she blocks his attack with her blade.
That said, the impact from the blow vastly exceeds her expectations.
Her expression twists, and her follow-up is a moment too slow.
A moment is all the Tyrant needs.
"All you swordfolk use the same damn playbook...!"
97
At some point, he started holding his billhook in one hand.
His other hand, now free, sinks into Claire's face.
"Claire!!"
Mary moves to cover for Claire, but the Tyrant stops her in her tracks
with a single look. She knows that any wrong moves on her part will
mean death.
Although she was blasted away and sent rolling across the ground,
Claire gets up as if nothing happened.
She spits out a mouthful of blood.
"Ow. Now the inside of my mouth is all cut up..." She glares at the
Tyrant.
The Tyrant, in turn, raises one eyebrow and grins. For some reason,
there's a shallow cut across his chest.
"Y'know, that one blow's enough to take most people down for the
count. This ain't your first rodeo, is it?"
"I have a brother, so yeah."
Blood streams from Claire's mouth as she beams a bright-red smile.
The moment the Tyrant punched her, she not only leaned into the
blow, but got a decent slash at his chest, too. She gives her sword a
practice swing as though to test it out, then hawks out another
mouthful of blood.
"You're a man of violence, I see. All strength, no skill."
She's putting up a brave front, but she's not nearly as composed as
her words are letting on. The cuts in her mouth are deep and bloody,
and her head is still ringing from the hit.
Trading blows with him was a mistake. His are far heavier than hers.
98
"You got me. I never learned no technique...'cause I never needed
to!"
He charges at Claire.
The Tyrant's power comes from his raw physical strength, his innate
magic, and his insane combat intuition. He has no need for skill. If
anything, it would only slow him down.
Claire goes for another block on the full-force slash.
This time, though, the blow breaks her posture.
Her footing is shaky. The damage to her head still lingers.
***
The Tyrant isn't one to let an opportunity pass.
He holds his gigantic billhook overhead...
"I told you. My instinct's always right..."
...and swings it hard.
The blow goes wide, swinging past Claire at an alarming speed.
A large spray of blood hits her in the face.
"...Huh?"
She's unharmed.
When she looks to the side, though, she sees Mary with her stomach
rent open.
It's practically caved in.
Mary coughs up blood as she kneels.
"M-Mary!!"
99
"All you swordfolk really do use the same damn playbook. She was
waitin' for me to drop my guard the whole time, and I was waitin' for
her to come kill me... Them's the breaks."
The Tyrant flashes an evil smile.
As Mary kneels lifelessly, Claire rushes over to her with tears in her
eyes.
"Mary... No! This can't be..."
The wound reaches her organs. It's fatal.
Claire puts her hands on the wound and runs magic through it.
When she does, though, Mary grabs them.
"Cough! Your blood...cough..."
Mary looks at Claire, who is trying to tell her something as she
coughs up blood.
"Mary! You shouldn't move...!"
Mary just grabs Claire's hands tighter as she tries to get her message
across. "Claire...please...let me suck...your blood..."
"Wait, suck...?"
Suddenly, Mary plants her lips on Claire's.
"Hmm-hmph?!" Claire's eyes go wide with shock.
Mary sucks on Claire's lips, slurping up the blood dripping off them.
Her eyes flash red.
"What are you—?!"
Claire tries to pull Mary off her. But Mary isn't there anymore.
"Huh?!"
"Gah!!"
100
Claire's surprised yelp and the Tyrant's scream of pain come at the
same time. She whirls around to find the Tyrant looking up with his
arm sliced to ribbons.
101
102
"What's up there...? Wait! Mary?!"
Mary is floating in the air. Her eyes are glowing red, and sharp
canines are sticking out of her mouth.
Furthermore, the wound on her chest has completely closed up.
"So that's what's going on... Interesting!" The Tyrant laughs like a
carnivore, and Mary offers him a sad smile.
The Tyrant's billhook and Mary's sword collide.
Their strength is—evenly matched. No, the Tyrant is coming out
slightly ahead.
"You ain't bad...!"
***
Sparks fly as they battle.
"But I'm better," he snarls.
Then Mary gets blasted away. Debris goes flying in the billhook's
wake.
"Mary!!"
She crashes into the wall, then crumples to her knees.
"Rgh... I'm not used...to the blood yet..."
"It's over."
As Claire is distracted by Mary, the Tyrant appears before her and
raises his billhook high.
She can't defend herself in time.
"Cid... Forgive me..."
In her final moments, the only thing Claire thinks of is her brother.
But then—
103
"...The time of awakening is nigh."
A man wearing a jet-black longcoat swoops in between Claire and
the Tyrant.
"Hey!! The hell's your problem?!"
"...You're in my way." The man blocks the billhook, then launches a
casual upward kick.
Casual as it is, though, it's also unbelievably fast.
The blow sends the Tyrant flying. He smashes through the wall hard,
coughing up blood as he goes.
Unfortunately for him, the wall leads outside.
With nowhere left to stand, he enters a free fall.
As he does, his screams fade into the distance. "SHADOW! YOU
***
Claire looks up at the figure's back. "You're...Shadow..."
Under normal circumstances, his overwhelming power might have
caused her to put her guard up.
But now, for whatever reason, seeing him sets her heart at ease.
Why is he inspiring such emotions in her, even though they've never
met before? Claire doesn't know.
She can't tear her eyes off him.
"There isn't much time left..."
Suddenly, he vanishes.
"Ah..."
It's like he was never even there.
"Shadow..."
104
A faint glimmer of loneliness remains in Claire's chest.
"That was Shadow...? Did he save us?" asks Mary as she gets back on
her feet.
"I think so..."
"He took out the Tyrant in just one hit..."
"Mary, are you okay?"
"Probably... Sorry about that, Claire. For sucking your blood out of
the blue."
"Oh, that's water under the bridge, but... Mary, is the thing you were
hiding from me—?"
"Yeah, I'm a vampire..."
"Huh..."
"I'll tell you everything: who I am, my motives, and the truth behind
the Blood Queen..."
And with sadness in her eyes, Mary begins her tale.
Mary was once a follower of Elisabeth the Blood Queen.
This was back in the era when vampires ruled the night. At the time,
Elisabeth held great power, even for a Progenitor.
Vampires hunted and killed humans practically for sport. Most of
them saw humans as base livestock, and there were even some
countries where they reigned over them wholesale.
For the vampires, it was their golden age.
Elisabeth, however, couldn't stand the idea of hunting more humans
than was necessary.
105
Because of that, she hunted only the bare minimum she needed to
survive, refusing to take their lives in excess. There was no shortage
of vampires who opposed her methods, so despite her power, her
followers numbered few.
Soon, though, the vampires entered their dark age.
The humans began hunting the vampires back, turning the vampires'
era into one of nightmares. The destruction of the vampires' capital
sparked the fire of rebellion, and the vampires' numbers dwindled in
the blink of an eye.
At the time, Elisabeth and her followers ruled a small human
country. They plowed the fields right alongside the humans, fought
off monsters together, and protected their borders.
Vampires didn't look down on humans in her lands, nor did humans
fear vampires. The way they maintained that relationship was by not
drinking blood.
Without drinking human blood, vampires can't go on living.
That was the prevailing belief at the time, but by abstaining herself,
Elisabeth disproved this theory.
Progenitors' compulsion to drink blood is dozens of times stronger
than that of normal vampires. The pain she endured must have been
unimaginable. But she successfully went cold turkey through agony
comparable to lopping her own arm off. Upon seeing her resolve, her
followers did the same.
Without drinking blood, the vampires gradually lost their powers,
eventually becoming no stronger than humans.
However, there were things that they gained, too.
For one, they gained the power to stay out in the sun. By giving up
blood, they became able to live in the same beautiful, sunlit world as
humans.
106
They also gained tranquility in their hearts. By abstaining from blood
and living their lives basking in the sun's rays, their urge to drink
gradually subsided. Eventually, their dispositions were no different
from humans.
Despite all that, Elisabeth the Progenitor's powers were as great as
ever.
Her skin would become inflamed when exposed to the light, so she
couldn't go outside without a thick black parasol. The only reason it
didn't instantly turn her to ash was because most Progenitors had a
certain degree of resistance to sunlight in the first place.
Also, no matter how long she went without blood, her maddening
urges never ceased.
Yet despite her agony, she carried out her life beneath her parasol
just the same as all the others. Eventually, she gathered up her
followers and spoke to them.
"Let us build a Haven here. A land where humans and vampires can
live in peace..."
And by taking in and protecting vampires being pursued by
humanity, her followers' ranks grew.
Of course, the condition for her protection was that they give up
blood.
Some of them resented her for this and revolted against her. It was
with a heavy heart that she had to exile them. Some refused to
comply, and those she put down herself.
At some point, all the vampires in the world came under human
attack, and they all gathered under Elisabeth's banner.
Her population expanded, humans and vampires mingled together,
and her land prospered. She used her great powers to defend her
lands, so vampire hunters dared not enter.
107
The Haven she'd set out to create was a success.
She prayed everyone would be able to continue living in peace.
However, all it took was a single night for the Haven to fall.
It was the night the Red Moon rose in the sky.
Elisabeth's urge to drink grew ever stronger, so she was forced to
lock herself away in her castle.
Back then, Mary was her second-in-command, and Crimson was her
third.
The two of them took turns bringing her meals, but when it was
Crimson's turn, tragedy struck.
Crimson mixed human blood into Elisabeth's food.
If she'd been at her best, she might have noticed its scent before she
ate it. Or maybe she would have eaten it but still been able to
withstand her urges.
But that was the day of the Red Moon.
She had been without blood for too long, and she wasn't able to stop
herself from going on a rampage. Crimson and his followers rose up
in unison.
Between the rampaging Elisabeth and Crimson and his men, it took
them only a few hours to slaughter every human in the country.
The vampires had seen humanity as mere livestock. There was no
way they could live side by side with them.
Elisabeth's dream, the Haven, had all been a mere fantasy.
Because Elisabeth's followers had stopped drinking blood, they were
powerless to resist, and they were slain as they fled.
Mary was the sole survivor.
108
In order to stop Elisabeth, she lapped up the blood of the dead. Then
she pursued Elisabeth and the others all the way out of the country.
Their fervor knew no bounds, and before the day was out, Elisabeth
had destroyed yet another small country and torn its king limb from
limb.
Mary hadn't made it in time.
Elisabeth's rampage lasted a full three days, and in that time, she
dealt catastrophic blows to another three countries.
Mary found Elisabeth the night after it was all over.
Elisabeth was weeping as she gazed out on the countries she'd
ravaged.
"Please, cast my ashes into the sea so I can never rise again and
repeat this mistake...," she begged, then drove her sword into her
own heart.
She should have turned to ash.
But she didn't. Her blade missed the vitals ever so slightly.
Her heart stopped, and her lungs no longer breathed.
It was like she was dead.
Except she wasn't.
If Mary placed human blood in her mouth, she would instantly be
resuscitated.
Alternatively, if she gave the sword a small push, Elisabeth would
instantly turn to ash.
Mary couldn't do either.
She couldn't go against her master's will, but she couldn't bring
herself to kill her, either. Instead, she hid her eternally slumbering
queen in a coffin and vowed to protect her until the end of days.
109
"It was a foolish decision. A few years after that, Crimson snatched
Queen Elisabeth away. Because I refused to drink blood, I wasn't
powerful enough to protect her. Now, he's planning on using her
again. I don't know how I could face her if I let the tragedy of a
thousand years ago play out once more..." Mary smiles sadly. "But
that's everything. I'm not human. I'm a vampire. And I'm sorry for
keeping that from you..."
"It's fine. I'm no different. See, I might be one of the possessed. A
few years ago, these black bruises appeared on my back, and they
just wouldn't stop spreading. But when I looked in the mirror one
day, they were just gone. Poof. If those black bruises were the mark
of the possessed, then eventually, I'll become a monster... That's why
I forced my brother to come here with me. I wanted to get him into
the Knight Order while I still can. But the moment I looked away, the
enemy snatched him... I don't know how I'll be able to face him if
anything happens to him..."
"Ah..."
The two of them are silent for a bit.
"I find it hard to believe that the Haven was really all a fantasy. Can't
you just try again?"
Claire doesn't think Elisabeth was wrong. If she can, she wants to
save her.
Mary shakes her head. "I don't want to make the same mistake
again."
"I see... Well, if you're not going to save her, I will. If we kidnap her
and wait for the Red Moon to end, she shouldn't go on a rampage."
"But Claire...why go to such lengths?"
110
"Once this is over, we can wake her up. Then you two can talk it
over."
"But...I'm certain Queen Elisabeth just wants to die." Mary looks
down in thought. All sorts of conflicts are welling up inside her.
"You won't know that till you ask. And it'd be too sad for things to
just end like this. You'd be sad, Elisabeth would be sad, and all those
dead people would be sad..."
Claire looks Mary in the eye and smiles.
Mary's eyes are filled with hesitation. Deep down, she doesn't want
things to end like this, either.
"Your Haven wasn't just some fantasy. That's what I believe anyway.
Let's try and find an ending that has everyone smiling."
"I'm sorry...for putting such a burden on you." Mary looks back up
and nods.
"Don't worry about it. Now, let's go beat up Crimson and kidnap your
sleeping queen."
"Sounds good. And we'll make sure to save your brother, too."
Claire stops in her tracks. "I'm going to be the one to save Cid. Don't
butt in."
"Uh, okay..."
"You just back me up while I perform my beautiful, gallant rescue."
"...Understood."
With that, the two of them resume their ascent.
111
112
113
Chapter 3
Pursuing the Blood Queen!
Man, Progenitors don't screw around when it comes to treasure.
I've never seen literal mountains of gold before. My heart's all
aflutter.
I'm like a kid in a candy shop. I want some of this... I gotta get my
hands on these... But as I rummage through the treasure, I suddenly
remember there's only so much I can carry.
Artwork is out for obvious reasons, so I'm gonna give all the cultured
stuff a pass. Unfortunately, to my dismay, artwork seems to be the
most plentiful thing here.
Next up are jewels and precious metals. The small stuff is fine, but
the larger ones are too bulky and unwieldy.
Looks like I need to narrow my focus.
I gotta go with the most efficient, most reliable source of money out
there—gold coins.
They're as small as a five-hundred-yen piece, but each one is worth a
hundred thousand zeni. And better yet, you can spend them as is
without even needing to convert them or anything.
When it comes to efficiency and reliability, they blow everything else
in this treasury out of the water.
It's kinda sad, honestly, seeing all this treasure I can't have.
"Well, that's life for you...," I mutter as I bid farewell to the myriad
other riches and start shoveling up handfuls of gold coins.
114
Now, I'm not an idiot. I thought this out ahead of time.
Taking a page from Epsilon's book—the undisputed expert when it
comes to slime bodysuits—I embed the coins within my suit.
Epsilon padded her body out with slime, and I'm doing the same with
gold.
Every inch of my bodysuit, longcoat, and hood is stuffed to the brim.
Okay, that's not totally true. I left some room by the joints.
Even so, I manage to fit over a thousand of the little buggers onto my
person.
A thousand gold coins comes out to a hundred million zeni. The math
checks out.
I'm planning on living to the ripe old age of three hundred, so it's
nowhere near enough. That said, it'd be pretty risky to try and bring
any more gold than that with me.
If I use magic to strengthen myself, carrying around a thousand coins
isn't a problem or anything, but it still makes it kinda hard to move.
My movements are a little stiff now, but they'd be miles worse if I
tried to pack on any more.
Also, a thousand coins aren't really visible from the outside, but if I
went for double that, I'd start sticking out like a sore thumb.
"I'd be fine if all I had to do was carry them out..."
...but I've got a boss battle with the Blood Queen waiting for me after
this.
Supposedly, she's some sort of Progenitor Vampire.
She's gonna be strong as hell, I'm sure of it.
After all, Progenitor Vampires are supposed to be strong. That's just
how these things work.
115
To prepare for the occasion, I've already got my battle plan all laid
out.
Up until now, I've been using the setup where I always show up at
the twelfth hour, but given that the enemy this time is a Progenitor
Vampire big shot, I thought I'd try mixing things up and being the
first to get to her this time.
That way, we can do the scene where the protagonists show up in
the middle of our fight and go, "What's with that crazy battle going
on over there?! Stay back!"
Love that.
For that to happen, I need to be the one who finds the Blood Queen
first. If I spend too much time dawdling here, someone's gonna beat
me to the punch.
For now, I'm just gonna pile the coins up by the treasury's entrance.
"I'll come pick you guys up later."
This way, I'll be able to nab them quickly even if something
unexpected happens.
Praying I'll be able to retrieve them successfully, I flex my muscles for
the first time in a while and dash up the tower at full speed.
Midway up, I spy my sister. She seems to be in a tough spot, so I save
her by sending the Tyrant flying.
Now then, gotta hurry.
"At long last, the time is finally here..."
A graceful smile spreads across Crimson's face.
116
The sacrifice has been prepared, and the moon is waxing scarlet.
The time to revive Elisabeth the Blood Queen is finally upon him.
Crimson grabs the lid to the coffin enshrined in the center of the
room and opens it up.
Its contents come into full view.
Inside is a small, shriveled-up black lump.
Crimson carefully swaddles the hunk with his fingers and lifts it into
the air.
"It's been too long, my Blood Queen... Everything is in place for you
to bathe the world in blood..."
Upon closer inspection, the black lump is recognizable as an organ.
Specifically, a shriveled-up heart.
After a thousand years, it's all that's left of the Progenitor.
As long as it remains, though, she can still be resuscitated. That's just
how Progenitors are.
Crimson closes the coffin and carries the heart to the raven-haired
sacrifice. He gouged out the boy's heart earlier, and he now fits the
Blood Queen's in its place.
Fresh blood. Fresh flesh. That's all the Blood Queen, the mightiest of
the Progenitors, needs to rise anew and begin her reign of terror
once more.
"Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh..."
It'll take a little longer for the revival to begin.
Crimson knows he needs to leave for some time. The Blood Queen
will be starving when she comes to, and she'll attack man and
vampire alike. He won't be able to get closer until she settles down a
bit.
117
He walks briskly to the door, opens it, and steps outside.
Suddenly, he freezes in his tracks.
"A-and who do you think you are...?"
He hadn't sensed anyone out in the hallway. When he opened the
door, there shouldn't have been anyone there.
Out of nowhere, a man dressed in a black longcoat appears before
him.
Crimson immediately extends his claws and prepares himself for
battle.
"Begone now. Lest your life is for— Gluh?!"
Crimson's body splits in two.
He's been cleanly bisected from head to crotch.
He hadn't even been able to follow the ebony sword's swing with his
eyes.
His eyes go wide in shock as he quickly regenerates.
Crimson is a powerful vampire in his own right. He can shrug off a
bisection or two, easy.
"Who are you?! How dare you lay that vulgar blade of yours on m—
Bluh?!"
In the middle of his sentence, his head goes flying.
Even though he was on high alert, he still couldn't see the man's
movements.
"I—I say! I'm starting to get ang— Hruh?!"
This time, his arms are sent into the air.
"You fool! Under the Red Moon, vampires are un— Chuh?!"
118
His legs get the same treatment, instantly carved into pieces. Then
his torso gets sliced like salami.
"Wh-what?! My regeneration can't keep up wi— Fluh?!"
The regenerating parts of his body immediately get chopped off and
minced.
"W-wait! Wait just one moment!! What are you after?! We can talk
this o— Mruh?!"
Next, his neckless head gets diced up.
"Impossible... This can't be happening..."
Afterward, all that's left is his heart. It, too, gets stabbed.
Crimson crumbles to ash.
The man in the longcoat then enters the room and stops in front of
the large coffin.
"My name is Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..."
He waits for a moment.
On standby.
Waiting...
"Blood Queen... I know you're in there..."
And still he waits.
He stays in place...!!
"...You're there, right? I don't sense anyone, but you're just
concealing your presence, right?" Shadow opens the coffin and peers
inside.
There's no one there.
"Huh? Wait, seriously? What kind of cliché is this?"
119
He looks around the room and spots the corpse of a dark-haired
young man with a hole in his chest.
"You aren't the Queen, are you? Nah, you're a guy, and dead to
boot..."
He tilts his head to the side and looks at the pile of ash by the door.
"Was that vampire the Queen? He did have red hair... No, no, there's
no way it's a dude, right? He did seem kinda like a boss, though...
Buuuut he was way too weak for that..."
He ponders for a moment.
"Is this one of those weird scenarios where the Queen is missing...?
Maybe it's the thing where she never even existed in the first place,
or the one where she's already been killed, or the one where she's
out and about... Anyways, let's go pick up the coins, then I can go
looking for her..."
He turns around and walks out.
"Sigh... I hope I didn't get here too late... I came here as fast as I
could... Maaan...," he mutters as he disappears.
The crimson moon casts its fantastical light over the now-empty
room.
Suddenly, the sacrifice's body twitches.
Thump, thump.
The heart embedded in his chest begins beating.
Mary and Claire reach the top of the Crimson Tower and open the
door.
120
"Cid?!"
Seeing a young man with dark hair toppled over and bleeding from
the chest, Claire rushes over to him.
She wraps him in a tight embrace. Tears gush out of her ruby eyes.
"No!! Please, Cid, wake up!! Cid?! Cid? ...Huh?"
Claire quickly snaps to her senses as she looks at the corpse.
Her tears dry up.
"This isn't Cid."
"Really? It isn't?"
"Cid? Cid, where are you?"
Claire's eyes dart around the room.
Then Mary shouts.
"—Claire?!"
"...Huh?"
It all happens in a flash.
By the time she's noticed, the boy's arm has already pierced her
stomach.
Blood dribbles from Claire's mouth.
"Gluh...What's...happening...Cid..."
"Claire!!"
Claire crumples to the ground.
The boy, still bleeding from the chest, begins moving.
He was definitely dead a moment ago.
Now, though, he rises to his feet. Red feelers come pouring out of his
chest. They wriggle and squirm ominously as they engulf his body.
121
"Oh no... No, it can't be..."
Mary knows this aura.
The red feelers cover the boy's body completely, then suddenly burst
outward.
And when they do...
...a beautiful, naked girl appears from within the spray of blood.
Her hair is a deep crimson, as are her eyes. Her skin, on the other
hand, is pale, and her proportions are nearly perfect and feminine.
She looks exactly like the Elisabeth that Mary remembers.
Elisabeth embraces the impaled Claire, then sinks her fangs into the
girl's neck.
Claire's voice dribbles from her mouth. "Ah, ah..."
She's still alive.
However, all Mary can do is watch as Claire has her blood sucked.
Mary knows all too well.
Now that Elisabeth the Blood Queen has risen, there's nothing they
can do.
"Claire... Ah..."
Claire gets tossed aside, her skin pallid from the blood loss.
Next, Elisabeth turns her beautiful gaze on Mary. In her eyes, Mary is
nothing more than food.
"Oh...Queen Elisabeth..." Mary trembles as she shrinks backward.
Her master is risen.
Elisabeth is the strongest of the Progenitors, and there's no way to
stop her. Once again, Mary was too late.
Tears well up in her eyes.
122
In an instant, though, the despair in her eyes turns to astonishment.
A dark figure appears out of nowhere and crashes into Elisabeth. An
ebony blade collides with Elisabeth's crimson claws.
It's the woman in the bodysuit they met down in the library—Beta.
"Secure her!!" she shouts, and three other figures appear to protect
Claire.
Beta blocks Elisabeth's claws with her sword, then leaps backward to
put some space between them.
"Number 665, what's her status?"
"Still breathing. But she needs treatment badly."
"Noted. Unfortunately...I doubt she plans on just letting us go."
The naked girl begins walking toward Beta.
"You three, back me up."
"Roger that."
"Ms. Vampire Hunter, I'm leaving Ms. Claire in your hands for now."
"Oh, Claire..."
Mary takes Claire from Number 665 and cradles her in her arms.
Then she calls out to stop Beta from trying to fight Elisabeth "No, you
can't..."
She needs to warn her.
"It's impossible... Not even you can beat her..."
From beneath her mask, Beta casts a feline glance Mary's way.
"Even if that's the case, this is my mission."
With her ebony blade in hand, Beta faces off against the Blood
Queen.
123
How did things get this bad...?
Beta laments her failure as she faces off against the Blood Queen.
It's all her fault that her lord's sister's life is in such danger.
Her master hasn't shown up yet. There must be an important reason
why he had to prioritize some other matter, which means he
implicitly left the situation here for Beta and the others to handle.
124
125
However, Beta hadn't realized that until it was too late.
Because of that, the worst-case scenario is unfolding before her
eyes.
If the unthinkable happened and her master's sister were to fall,
Beta wouldn't be able to face him anymore.
"Time to see what I can do against the legendary Blood Queen...,"
she murmurs. Her eyes are filled with determination.
There's only has one way she can fix her mistake: by beating the
Blood Queen.
An intense look crosses Beta's face as she concentrates magic into
her ebony blade. Then she taps her toes against the ground to signal
her orders to her subordinates.
The other three fan out.
They're ready to act at a moment's notice.
Beta stares at the Blood Queen and waits for the timing to line up.
All the Blood Queen is doing is slowly walking forward to close the
distance. As the Red Moon's light shines on her nude body, she
stares right back at Beta. Although the look in her eyes is inscrutable,
she seems almost sleepy.
She enters Beta's range.
"—Hyah!!"
Beta's slash marks the start of the battle.
Her attack's gentle elegance call Shadow's swordsmanship to mind.
The Blood Queen blocks it with the claws on her left hand. As she
does, her right moves to attack.
However, before she can, Number 666 launches an assault on her
from behind.
126
The Blood Queen has no choice but to use her right hand's claws to
ward Number 666's attack off.
At the same time, Numbers 664 and 665 are already rushing in from
her sides, and Beta begins her follow-up attack, as well.
The Blood Queen casts a drowsy glance at the three slashes bearing
down on her—then only protects her heart.
All three blades cleave deep into her fair skin.
Fresh blood fills the air and sullies her flesh. However, she doesn't so
much as stir.
"I—I can't get it out!" cries Number 664.
The three swords, still buried in the Blood Queen's body, refuse to
budge.
By catching their attacks in her muscle sinew, the Blood Queen has
succeeded in sealing their movements, too.
"Rgh!!" Beta reinforces her body, then forcibly rips her sword free.
However, Numbers 664 and 665 don't act in time.
"Change your swords' shapes!" Beta cries. But she's too late.
The Blood Queen's claws bear down on the two of them.
That's when Number 666 makes her move.
In a beautiful display of swordwork, she slices through the Blood
Queen's tendons.
When she does, the vampire's arms go limp. They regenerate a
moment later, but it's just long enough for the other two to change
their slime swords' shapes and yank them free.
Then Beta lands a slash on the Blood Queen's face, Number 664 lops
a chunk out of her side, Number 665 slices open the tendons in her
leg, and finally, Number 666 sends her flying with a slash to the back.
127
The Progenitor's naked body crashes into the wall.
"Good work, 666."
Number 666 responds with a tiny nod.
Buried in the rubble, the Blood Queen can't move. Beta warily
readies her blade, making sure to keep a safe distance back.
All it had taken was a glance for Beta to determine that the Blood
Queen was a formidable foe.
Her initial impression was that fighting her one-on-one would be
impossible. Even with three of her subordinates, she'd been
expecting a rough fight.
In reality, she had been a fearsome opponent.
However, she's easier to fight than Beta had anticipated.
The rookies were exceeding her expectations, too. It's just as Lambda
had told her—between Number 664's leadership, Number 665's
wisdom and intellect, and Number 666's battle prowess, they made
for a solid team.
"We might just be able to win this...," Beta says unthinkingly.
But—
"You can't... You people are strong, I'll give you that. But Queen
Elisabeth has only just awoken... This isn't anywhere close to her full
strength." Mary's eyes are filled with tears and despair as she cradles
Claire. "Queen Elisabeth...has always been a late riser!"
"Huh?"
The Blood Queen's magic is rising explosively, causing the very air to
tremble.
When she rises from the rubble, she's clad in a dress the color of
blood.
128
No, that's not quite it.
She's clad in blood in the shape of a dress.
Her once-naked body is now hidden away under liquid. It slithers
hypnotically over her skin, almost as if it were alive.
Beneath her mask, Beta grimaces, feeling the power radiating from
the vampire.
"So this is the Blood Queen."
Something cold runs up Beta's spine. She can feel in her very skin just
how fundamentally outmatched they are.
The Blood Queen is an honest-to-god monster.
The only person who could possibly stand up to such a freak of
nature is her master.
"Beta..." Number 664 looks toward Beta for guidance.
Beta shakes her head.
She doubts the Blood Queen would let them escape if they tried, and
they'd have to leave her master's sister behind anyway, so the plan is
a nonstarter.
A voice breaks the tension.
"Well, well, well, I see you have quite the monster here... Allow me
to join the fray."
Its owner is the nine-tailed fox who just appeared. Her silvery hair
flutters as she snaps her iron folding fans open.
"You're... Yukime the Spirit Fox..."
Beta's never met her in person, but she's fully familiar with the
Lawless City's rulers.
She and Yukime exchange a stare, each trying to discern something
about the other.
129
Beta makes her decision. "We appreciate the help."
"Then let us fight as comrades."
They all square off against the Blood Queen.
However, they're interrupted by yet another intruder.
"Hey now. Don't go gettin' this party started without me."
The tanned behemoth marks his arrival by smashing in through the
windowpane. Lifting his massive billhook onto his shoulder, he looks
at the Blood Queen and scoffs.
"So you the boss round these parts? This town's mine, lady. Don't go
thinkin' you can just come in and do as you please."
"Where exactly did you come in from?"
"Where I came in from is none of your damn business, hag. But this
woman's head is mine."
"Oh, be my guest."
The tanned giant readies his billhook.
Beta knows who he is, too. He's one of the Lawless City's other
rulers, Juggernaut the Tyrant.
Now, all three of the Lawless City's rulers are gathered in one room.
Each of them boasts power enough to control a third of the city, and
a full two of them are squaring off against the Blood Queen
alongside her.
Beta thanks her lucky stars. They still have a chance.
"Take that!!" Juggernaut seizes the initiative.
With barbaric movements, he closes the gap and brings his billhook
crashing down.
The Blood Queen doesn't so much as move an inch.
130
"Th' hell?!"
Although the vampire is the one who takes the weapon head on, the
surprised shout comes from Juggernaut.
His billhook passes right through her without stopping.
"Mistform?!"
It's the ability exclusive to powerful vampires that allows the user to
turn their body into fog.
When the Blood Queen uses it, though, there isn't any warning or
lead-up. And what's worse, she's able to use it only on the part of
her body in the billhook's path.
"This is bull!!" Juggernaut swings his weapon in a wide sweep.
Once again, the Blood Queen takes the attack without even flinching.
Her neck distorts for a moment as the billhook passes through it like
air.
Then an orb of blood gathers at her right hand.
It's filled with insane amounts of magic.
Yukime and Beta cry out in unison.
"That's dangerous!"
"Get down!!"
The Progenitor releases the orb into the air, and it explodes.
When it does, blood sprays around them. In the blink of an eye,
though, it coalesces into arrows and goes flying at each person
present. The projectiles paint the air scarlet.
"—!!" Beta doesn't hesitate.
She immediately moves to cover Claire and blocks the arrows with
her body.
131
Her slime bodysuit hardens over her vitals, and she cuts down as
many of the arrows as she can while using her body as a shield.
The projectiles cut deep lacerations into her cheeks, arms, and
thighs.
Finally, the rain of arrows dies down.
Claire is unharmed.
Beta, on the other hand...
"Y-you..." The words get caught in Mary's throat as she looks at her.
Beta's black bodysuit has been spliced to ribbons, exposing her white
skin and the red blood trickling from the dozens of punctures in her
arms and legs.
"Rgh... I'm fine."
Blood streams from Beta's body and pools around her feet as she
readies her sword.
However, not everyone was able to move like Beta had.
Number 664 is covered in wounds, and she's losing blood from her
abdomen at an alarming rate.
Number 665 is in the same condition, with lacerations running all
over her body and heavy injuries to her feet.
Number 666 is covered in cuts, too, but none of her wounds seem
serious.
Yukime took a couple hits, although she doesn't look too bad.
As for Juggernaut, who was getting up close and personal when the
bloody rain started...
"That stings like a mother..."
He's utterly drenched in blood.
132
The arrows hit him all over, dying his tanned skin red. Even so, he
remains standing on his own two feet with his billhook perched upon
his shoulder.
The weapon in question is notably chipped. He must have used it to
protect his vitals.
"Dammit... What the hell's up with this chick...?"
Even so, he soon drops to one knee.
"The Red Moon... I finally remembered. To think that the Blood
Queen was a Progenitor Vampire...!" Yukime's face goes white.
"Th' hell's that?"
"An age-old tale... A legend of a vampire who destroyed several
countries in a just three days. Knowing that, Mr. Shadow must have
come to stop her...!"
"She took out a country in just three days...?" Juggernaut's face
twists into a grimace as he looks up at the Blood Queen.
At this point, there isn't anyone present who doubts the legends.
"Fall back, 664 and 665." Seeing that they're in no state to continue
fighting, Beta issues her orders. "You too, 666."
"But I can still fight!"
"Don't you have something you need to accomplish?"
"...Huh?"
Beta smiles beneath her mask as she steps forward.
Given the situation, no matter how they fight, even if they all work
together, they can't possibly win.
However, there's still a way for them to emerge victorious.
After all, they have Beta's master.
133
All she has to do is buy time until he shows up.
No matter what happens, no matter whom he has to face, Beta's
master is her absolute.
She squares off against the Blood Queen and gathers as much magic
in her ebony sword as she can.
"Wha—?!"
Suddenly, though, her power starts running wild. She tries dropping
her output to regain control, but her rampaging magic refuses to be
quelled.
"Rgh!"
"Beta?!"
A familiar, unpleasant pain runs across her body.
Her skin starts turning black around the wounds where the blood
arrows hit her.
These—these are symptoms of the possession.
Now that she knows the cause, Beta immediately changes how she's
trying to suppress her magic. She's largely successful in getting it to
settle down, but she's still having a hard time controlling it.
Meanwhile, the Blood Queen makes her move.
She creates a gigantic orb of blood above her head, then piles
enough magic into it that the air starts to quiver.
"No..."
Beta's voice trembles. This attack looks to be far more powerful than
the last, and she isn't in much of a condition to move at the moment.
She hears shouts from behind her.
"Claire?! Claire, pull it together!"
134
Beta turns her head to see Claire in Mary's arms. Her wounds are
turning black, too.
Wait, she isn't—
Everything is going horribly, horribly wrong.
The hovering orb condenses, ready to burst at any moment.
"Master Shadow, forgive me...," whispers Beta, her voice sounding
like she's on the verge of tears—and Claire's eyes snap open.
Claire is dreaming.
The white space she's floating in seems to go on forever. She doesn't
see anything else there. Only her.
She just hears the beating of her own heart.
"...Can you hear me?"
Suddenly, she thinks she can make out a sound. She looks up.
"Can you hear my voice...?"
Now she's sure of it.
When she looks in the voice's direction, she sees a woman with long
black hair. Claire peers into the woman's violet eyes.
"Who are you...?"
"I'm here to help you."
"Help me?"
"Yes, you." The woman's purple eyes sweep over Claire's body.
"Huh? Wait, what's going on?"
135
Claire's fair skin is beginning to turn black.
It's the exact same symptom as the one she experienced in the past.
"This can't be...the possession?"
"Technically, it's a little different. He cured you long ago of the thing
you call the possession. He knows everything, after all."
"Wait. It's healed? And who is 'he'...?"
"I believe you know him quite well."
"No, I don't. Who are you talking about?"
The violet-eyed woman's only answer is a cryptic smile.
"Soon, the corruption will overtake you. That's why I've come to lend
you a bit of my power."
"Hey, hold up! I still don't have a clue what's going on here!"
"Forgive me, but explanations aren't exactly my strong suit."
"Please, just tell me. What's going on with my body?!"
"Hmm, how to put this simply...? Unfortunately, you're adapting, and
losing control in the process."
"Sorry, I don't follow."
"The full explanation would take too long, and I'm afraid time isn't
on our side. I'll see how concise I can make it."
"I appreciate that."
"Are you familiar with 'evolution'? Long ago, a colleague I shared a
laboratory with told me that humans originally came from apes.
According to one theory, apes spent countless years adapting to
their environments, and that's how humans came to be. It's an
interesting hypothesis, although I'm unsure how much water it
holds."
136
"Um, okay... Does that have anything to do with this?"
"Absolutely. See, the thing is, one of the other researchers asserted
that living creatures don't adapt to their environments. This
academic didn't refute the claim that humans came from apes,
though. Even among apes, there are smarter ones and stupider ones.
Due to the harsh natural environment, more of the smarter apes
survived and went on to breed among themselves and increase their
numbers. Over time, only the smart ones were left, and after
countless years, they became humans."
"So, um, isn't that the same thing? And also, what's the point of
telling me this?"
"They're completely different. In other words, just because the apes
happened to adapt to their environments doesn't mean they
adapted by choice."
"O...kay?"
"See, the thing is...forgive me, what were we talking about again?"
"You were talking about me, right...? At least, I think you were."
"Right, right, I was talking about adaptation."
"...Huh?"
"The point of the matter is, the children who happen to adapt to
their environments survive and gradually change their forms. The
fact that the blood's nature is currently divided in two is the product
of adaptation as well. The original type placed too large a burden on
its carrier's body, so all those descendants died out. But when the
blood split in two, its properties were divided as well. Now, though,
both types of blood are trying to adapt to each other inside you.
They split in two for a reason, so they don't adapt to each other
easily. But unfortunately, you fulfill the conditions, and even worse,
137
you have no means by which to control them. That's why your blood
is running wild and destroying your bod—ah, we're out of time."
"H-hey, hold up, the part you just got to sounded really important!
Wait, ow?!"
A sharp pain suddenly shoots across Claire's hand. When she looks at
its back, she finds an intricate magic circle drawn on it.
"The seal will teach you how to control it."
"Hey, it's healing."
The black bruises are gone.
"Our time is up, and things are looking bad out there."
"You know, you could have skipped the first half of that
explanation."
"I'm afraid I'm going to need to borrow your body for a little bit. I
won't be able to use my full strength, but..."
With that, the violet-eyed woman's body starts going hazy and
indistinct.
"Wait! What's your name?!"
"Aurora..."
"Aurora... Why did you save me?"
"Because you're his..." Aurora's voice grows faint.
"His what? Who is 'he'?!"
"Shadow..."
Before she can finish her sentence, Aurora vanishes completely.
"Wait... Shadow...?"
As she stands frozen in place, Claire whispers his name.
138
As Mary cradles Claire in her arms, Claire's eyes snap open.
They're now a beautiful shade of violet.
Then Claire suddenly rises to her feet. Those purple eyes make Mary
catch her breath.
"Claire, your eyes..."
That isn't the only thing that's changed. The air about her feels more
mature, and the quality of her magic seems different, too.
The biggest difference, though...is the fact that all her wounds have
closed.
There's blood smeared around the gash on her chest, but the
crimson liquid squirms and coalesces in the air as an orb.
It's just like what the Blood Queen did.
"Now then, let's see how much this girl's body can withstand...,"
Claire murmurs. Her voice is calm and collected, and the way she's
talking, it's almost as if she's someone else entirely.
"Are you really Claire...?"
The moment the question leaves Mary's mouth, the Blood Queen's
blood orb bursts.
The spray transforms into arrowheads so thick and unavoidable, they
strike despair into every heart present.
They're all frozen, unable to do anything but stare at the
hopelessness bearing down upon them.
Everyone except her, that is.
139
"Sorry. But I'm the original...," Claire mutters softly. Her blood orb
bursts, too.
When it does, it scatters into tiny, tiny droplets. The blood practically
forms a mist.
The incoming blood arrows get stuck in it.
"Huh?"
Mary is the only one who utters a word, but she's far from the only
one doubting their eyes.
The blood arrows have lost their momentum. They drip harmlessly to
the floor.
"Once you released it from your body, stealing control of your blood
was child's play. I wasn't able to take it all, but..."
Claire is grinning bewitchingly and looking at the vampire, who's
currently sporting several wounds.
After Claire's blood mist stole control of the arrows, she turned them
around. However, it was successful on only a few of them. All the
others she was forced to just drop on the ground.
Still, the feat isn't something a human being could pull off.
It's like watching two Blood Queens go at it. Everyone is at a loss for
words.
"Come now, projectiles are no way to fell a witch." Claire licks up the
blood spattered across her lips. It stains her tongue bright red.
Then the Blood Queen makes her move.
Her arrow wounds heal in an instant, and as they do, her blood dress
changes form.
What was once a dress is now gory feelers.
In the flash of an eye, they propagate.
140
"See now, that's more like it...," Claire says, then releases feelers of
her own from her body. They look the exact same as the Blood
Queen's.
The scarlet feelers spread, each set seeming like it's trying to
intimidate the other.
All at once, the battle begins.
Each spear-like tip rushes forward to meet the enemy.
Some of them come up from beneath the floor and others come
down from the ceiling, but there are enough of them to pack the
room full. Both combatants are assailed from all directions.
Many of them crash into each other, leaving scant few that reach
their marks.
When they see the feelers bear down on them, Claire draws a scarlet
scythe and the Blood Queen extends her crimson claws.
Then they each slice down the enemy's feelers with a single strike.
The feelers soar through the air, crash into each other, slice each
other up, and paint the room ruby with fresh blood. The Red Moon's
light streams down from the newly opened holes in the ceiling,
casting the two beautiful women in its radiant glow.
Their fight is playing out too quickly for the eye to keep up with.
They're utterly inhuman.
Nobody can tear their gaze from the exquisitely savage battle.
"They're incredible..."
"What a battle..."
Are the two evenly matched? It's impossible for any of the observers
to tell.
All they know is neither of them has dealt a decisive blow yet.
141
As the feelers' fervent dance drags on, Claire sighs.
"We seem to be at an impasse. However"—she flashes an impish
grin—"you've breathed in quite a bit of my blood mist, haven't you?"
As the words leave her mouth, the Blood Queen collapses to one
knee.
Gory vomit gushes from her mouth. Red tears stream from her eyes.
Blood gushes from every orifice in her body.
"Groah..."
For the first time, the Progenitor lets out a moan of pain.
"You really have to make sure you take control of the mist you
breathe in, you know."
Claire's feelers surge toward the kneeling Blood Queen.
She tries to raise feelers to defend herself, but they're crushed under
the mass of Claire's assault.
The wall of feelers conceals the vampire from view. Blood fills the air.
All that's left of her is a red puddle.
"It's a far cry from my full strength, but perhaps it will do."
The mature bearing. The enigmatic smile. The inhuman battle
prowess. The violet eyes.
The Claire standing there with her arms crossed isn't the girl Mary
knows.
"Claire, what in the world happened to you...?"
She casts a fleeting glance Mary's way and offers her a troubled
smile. It almost resembles Claire's.
The next moment, though, her violet eyes are filled with caution.
142
A dense mist of blood envelops their surroundings, eventually
coalescing into the shape of a person.
"You're kidding..."
"This can't be. She's still alive...?"
Alarmed voices fill the air, but Mary understands. The Elisabeth she
knew wouldn't go down so easily.
As Claire is right now, though, she's going toe to toe with her.
As long as she's here, the tragedy of a thousand years ago won't be
repeated.
But as the unharmed Blood Queen emerges from the mist, Claire's
body keels forward.
She drops to one knee.
"I suppose this body has reached its limit..."
The look on her face is pained, and a line of blood trickles from her
mouth. Claire's body is unable to withstand the inhuman power it's
putting out.
Claire is kneeling, and the Blood Queen is lording over her. It's a
complete reversal of the scene from just moments ago.
"Man, we just can't catch a break here..."
"This is bad..."
"Oh, no..."
Mary's eyes water.
If Claire goes down, there won't be anyone left to stop Elisabeth.
The tragedy will repeat itself, and when everything is over, her queen
will fall into despair once more...
Mary never wants to go through that again.
143
She rushes to Claire's side. "Claire!"
"You're..."
"Claire, are you okay?! I'll—I'll buy you some time."
Mary draws her sword and squares off against the Blood Queen.
"It's fine. I've done enough." Claire extends a feeler and stops Mary
in her tracks. "My work here is done. All I needed to do was buy time
until he showed up..."
A radiant smile spreads across her face.
"'He'...?"
"That's right. He's here..."
An ebony shadow descends on them.
"My name is Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows..."
Upon seeing him, Claire collapses with a relieved look on her face.
The ebony figure's longcoat flutters behind him as he draws his
blade.
"Hey, it's that little—!"
"Good heavens! You're—!"
"—Master Shadow!"
Beta trembles with joy.
Her faith in her master is absolute.
144
Ever since she and the others were young and weak, he's tirelessly
stood before them to fight back the darkness. She grew up watching
him from behind.
Even against the Blood Queen, she's sure he'll be fine.
Maybe it's because of how safe he makes her feel, or maybe it's
because of how long it's been since she last saw him, but she feels
almost as though his body is a little bit bigger than usual.
But not everyone necessarily feels the same way.
"The hell you show up now for?"
"Mr. Shadow, be careful. The Blood Queen, she is not normal."
The look Juggernaut casts Shadow's way is disgruntled, and the one
Yukime does is filled with worry.
How rude! Beta glares at the two of them.
While all that is going on, the air between Shadow and the Blood
Queen is growing tense.
Shadow readies his ebony blade. The Blood Queen deploys her red
feelers.
That's when Beta realizes.
The aura the Blood Queen is emanating has grown even stronger.
"The woman's a monster..."
"Sweet heavens! That wasn't her full strength...?"
Juggernaut and Yukime seem to have noticed it, too. The Blood
Queen's power has grown since her fight against Claire.
Her eyes flash like scarlet rubies as her blood dress writhes even
more animatedly than before.
The tension between her and Shadow reaches its crescendo—and at
long last, the blood feelers and the ebony blade meet.
145
Innumerable feelers bear down on Shadow, but his ebony blade
arches beautifully through the air as it slices them all down.
Trails of red and black collide over and over as the combatants'
terrifying speed leaves all the bystanders in the dust.
For them, though, the attacks are meant as little more than feints.
Suddenly, the Blood Queen's body wavers, and a second later she's
behind him.
Her red claws are aimed straight at his back.
Shadow's body abruptly wavers in turn.
The claws find nothing but empty space as the black sword impales
the Blood Queen from behind.
Sploosh.
The Blood Queen bursts with a sound like water being dumped from
a bucket, and blood arrows fill the air around them.
As Shadow swats them down, the Blood Queen puts some space
between them.
They square off again, as though the fight just started over from the
beginning.
"He's...goin' toe to toe with that monster?"
"My! What incredible speed..."
The battle was far too fast for any of them to make out, but they all
gawk at it regardless. Beta's heart is filled with joy.
This is her master in all his glory.
At the same time, though, she feels uneasy in a way she can't quite
put into words. There's something about him that seems just a little
off...
146
Before she can try to figure out what it is, the Blood Queen makes
her move.
She detaches two of her feelers, then uses their blood to create two
copies of herself.
"Watch out! This is what made Queen Elisabeth the strongest
Progenitor: her ability to make blood copies of herself and control
them at will!"
Immediately after Mary finishes shouting, three of her queens shoot
feelers at Shadow.
The ebony blade slices through their feints.
The battle is playing out just like it did before.
Unlike last time, though, there are three Blood Queens that use the
feelers' cover to launch a surprise attack this time.
One of them attacks from behind, one from above, and the last from
his side.
Shadow adroitly avoids all three.
His defensive movements are so flowing and elegant that it's almost
like he knew where the Blood Queens were going to come from.
Their dance seems destined to go on forever.
As the fight goes on, though, Beta comes to realize her initial sense
of unease is growing larger and larger.
What is it?
In all her memory, has her master ever spent this long crossing
blades with an opponent?
—No.
Something is different.
Something about her master is off.
147
Suddenly, apprehension surges through her heart.
She devotes her full attention to the battle, trying to figure out what
it is that's making her so worried.
The red feelers assault Shadow, then the three Blood Queens
ambush him from his blind spots.
As she watches the process repeat, Beta finally realizes.
For all his skillful defense, none of Shadow's movements are leading
into counterattacks.
No matter how well someone protects themselves, they'll never take
their opponent out if they don't hit back.
So why isn't Shadow counterattacking?
The endless onrush of feelers coming from every direction is limiting
his movement, and the Blood Queen's surprise attacks are constantly
leaving him on the back foot.
How can that be happening?
There's a reason for it—Shadow's legs aren't moving.
Beta knows her master, and she knows that he normally dodges his
opponent's attacks with an undetectable amount of movement so he
can immediately shift into his counterattack.
Yet now, he's repelling the feelers with his sword. Because he's using
his sword to block the assault, his counterattacks are delayed by a
beat. During that time, the Blood Queens invariably bear down on
him with their claws, so he loses the chance to strike back entirely.
Why—?
Why aren't you dodging, my lord—?
His feet are sluggish. His movements are stiff.
148
That combat style he's using, where he stands in place and repels the
feelers manually—it's almost as though he's protecting something
precious.
"—Gh?!"
That's when the pieces click into place.
Beta herself is standing behind Shadow.
Behind her are the wounded Number 664 and Number 665, Number
666 trying to protect them, and her master's unconscious sister...
"O-oh..." Beta's voice trembles.
This whole time—he's been covering for them.
He's spent the entire fight protecting them all.
That's why he hasn't been dodging.
Tears well up in Beta's eyes.
"Master Shadow..."
Then the equilibrium finally shatters.
The red feelers smash into Shadow, and the three Blood Queens
press the assault.
He's sent flying and crashes through the wall.
"Mas-Master Shadowwwwwwwwwwwww!!" Beta's heartbroken
shriek echoes through the room.
Ignoring her body's screams of agony, she practically drags herself
toward the collapsed wall.
"No, no... Master Shadow... Master Shadow... Master Shadow!!"
This would never have happened if they hadn't been dragging him
down.
Beta curses her own weakness.
149
She hates herself for not even being able to stand up.
Tears stream ceaselessly from her eyes as she crawls along the floor
and leaves a bloody trail in her wake.
"Master Shadow! Master Shadow!!" Beta stretches her hand toward
the shattered wall.
Before she can reach it, bluish-purple magic comes pouring from the
rubble.
"Wha—?!"
"What is—?!"
Its power is so overwhelming that the air is shaking and the rubble is
floating up off the ground. The bluish-purple magic paints over the
moon's red light.
Then Shadow emerges from the other side of the wall clad in a
colossal mantle of energy.
"Master Shadow!!"
Her lord is standing there the same as ever.
The unease Beta felt is gone.
She sees her master surrounded by his beautiful bluish-purple magic.
Although he looks a little smaller for whatever reason, he's brimming
with power.
He focuses the magic into his sword and squares back off against the
Blood Queen.
"I might just show you what I'm capable of..."
Beta's heart leaps when she hears his voice. It's so deep, it sounds
like it's coming from the depths of the abyss.
There's nothing left to be worried about.
150
She feels almost sorry for the Blood Queen, now that her master isn't
pulling his punches anymore.
"Oh, Master Shadow, thank good— Huh?"
Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Beta sees something
glimmering behind the wall.
For some reason, there's a huge pile of gold coins strewn about
there. Beta cocks her head to the side.
Why would there be...? Oh, whatever.
Given the fact that her master is fine, everything else seems trivial in
comparison.
"Master Shadow! You can do iiiiiiiit!!"
And with Beta's cheer of encouragement, the battle begins anew.
Bluish-purple magic rages all around Shadow.
"Shit! He's a fair match for the Blood Queen... No, he's stronger..."
"Verily. No human can wield magic like this..."
Shadow's heels go click, click on the floor as he strides nonchalantly
toward the Blood Queen. However, the Blood Queen has no
intention of letting his arrogance stand.
A massive number of blood feelers surround Shadow and assail him.
He fends them off with his sword.
Then he takes a casual step forward.
"Wha—?!"
"What is he—?!"
Everyone present can tell just how terrifying his footsteps are.
He isn't even using his sword anymore.
151
The innumerable feelers all just stream past him, almost as though
they're trying to avoid contact.
Another step.
Click.
It's as carefree as the last.
The way the Blood Queen's feelers keep missing, it's like watching a
magic trick.
Shadow's completely seen through their trajectories.
He dodges them with the tiniest movements possible, then closes
the gap one step at a time. It's like he's saying they're not worthy of
his notice.
Even when a Blood Queen appears behind him, he dodges her
almost before she strikes, then keeps walking.
He doesn't counterattack.
He knows he doesn't need to.
He just ignores them and keeps walking.
All he's looking at is the real Blood Queen.
"He's dodgin' her attacks just by walking—?!"
"Such microscopic movements...! Is that even possible...?" Yukime
gasps.
He's attained an ideal.
Perfect movements. The kind people imagine, the kind they only
dream of. He's reached the pinnacle of martial skill.
"So this is the real Shadow..."
"Mayhap he is the real monster...!"
152
Click, click, click. The sound from his boots echoes throughout the
room.
Finally, he comes to a stop.
When he does, the blood feelers pause, too.
He's so close, he could reach out and touch her.
For a short while, the beautiful Blood Queen and the jet-black
Shadow just stare at each other.
The Blood Queen stands with the crimson moon at her back. Shadow
stands clad in his bluish-purple magic.
Everything is still, almost as if all the tempestuous violence had never
happened.
Yet despite the utter silence, it feels as though the two of them are
conversing.
"You seek death...?" Shadow's voice is low and deep, as if it were
coming from the depths of the abyss. "Very well..."
A tremendous amount of magic gathers in his ebony blade.
The bluish-purple energy converges in a spiral.
The Blood Queen extends her crimson claws.
Why is it...? Why is it that those loathsome nails seem full of sorrow
now...?
"—Wait!!"
That's why Mary leaps forward.
"Please, wait!!"
She dashes toward them.
They can start over. She's certain of it.
That's why she needs to—!
153
"Queen Elisabeth!!"
She frantically stretches out her hand.
But...the blood feelers knock her away.
***
Shadow's heartless voice sounds out.
"Queen Elisabeth!!" Mary screams.
For a second, Elisabeth looks her way.
Her red eyes gaze gently at her.
***
The red claws and the black sword collide, and the world disappears
into the bluish-purple light.
154
155
"Uhh..."
She must have passed out.
When Beta opens her eyes, she's greeted by the Red Moon's light
shining down on a quiet night.
Everyone else is unconscious. She must have been the first one to
wake up.
Her master is nowhere to be seen.
He's probably already on his way to his next battle. How busy he
is...and how kind.
"Thank you, Master Shadow..."
She vows never to forget the image of him putting his life on the line
to protect her and the others.
When she suddenly notices that all her wounds are healed, a silent
smile creeps across her face.
She looks and sees that Number 664's wounds are healed, too, as are
Number 665's and Number 666's.
Naturally, there isn't a scratch on Mary or her master's sister, either.
"Nothing gets by Master Shadow. It seems like Eta's theory was
right..."
Beta retrieves a drop of the Blood Queen's blood and seals it in a
vial.
Then she focuses her mind on her own blood plastered across her
bodysuit...and causes it to hover into the air.
156
"Vampiric powers, huh...? With proper training, these could be
useful. Sigh...I bet Eta's going to use me as a lab rat... Hyah!"
Beta launches her blood through the air, then goes to wake her
subordinates up.
"Ow."
"Huh?!"
"Where am I?"
"Are you three planning on sleeping all day? We're heading back."
The Numbers frantically scramble to their feet.
"Rgh...," groans Juggernaut. "What happened?"
"What happened, indeed..."
It seems like the two from the Lawless City are up, too.
They look around in astonishment.
"Wait, Shadow did all this...?"
"The man protected everyone all on his own..."
The Crimson Tower's been annihilated. They all look up at the sky. As
though trying to burn his existence into their very eyes...
Beta turns around. "Come on, we're going."
"Ungh..."
"Ahh...!"
It sounds like Claire and Mary just woke up behind her.
Beta glances backward and sees Mary helping someone up from
amid the rubble.
It's an adorable little girl with dark crimson hair.
"I hope you're able to find it this time... Your Haven, that is..."
157
And with a kind smile, Beta vanishes into the darkness of the night.
As the morning sun beats down on me, I gaze at the elegant, blacklacquered carriage and yawn.
The carriage's windows are blocked by a thick curtain, so I can't see
inside, but I imagine my sister is exchanging teary good-byes with her
vampire friend.
The autumn air is crisp and pleasant.
All sorts of stuff went down, but the real-deal Vampire Progenitor
event has come to an end.
Things got a little rocky when I ran into some unforeseen problems in
the middle there, but at the end of the day, I was able to rescue the
big finish. And hey, all's well that ends well, amirite?
The one thing I didn't manage to rescue, though, was all the gold
coins. For a while there, I was sitting pretty on a whole three
thousand coins, but because of, shall we say, a myriad of
circumstances, I ended the day with a scant five hundred.
Five hundred coins come out to five hundred million zeni. That's
nowhere near enough for me to retire on.
But after some thought, I've come to the conclusion that maybe this
is fine.
After all, the Lawless City is still standing, and it's still got two towers
left.
If I ever run low on funds, I can just stop by again. In a way, the
Lawless City is basically my own personal piggy bank.
A little while later, the carriage door opens and Claire steps out.
158
Speaking of my sister, there's been a big development on that front.
It happened last night, at our inn.
I did kinda wander off on my own back in the Lawless City, so I
stopped by her room to make a cursory apology.
When I opened her door, I saw something.
There was some sorta badass magic circle on her hand, and she was
wrapping it up in a bandage to hide it.
And to make matters worse, she was muttering, "My right hand is
trembling... A special power awakens in me..."
I chose to say nothing and quietly closed the door.
She's got the three-hit combo trope of a magic circle, a bandage
cover, and a special power going on.
I guess she's finally getting to that age...
When she steps out of the carriage, she walks toward me with a
suggestive smile on her face.
I call out to her in as normal a tone as I can muster.
"You all set?"
"Yup, let's go."
The two of us set off.
Suddenly, though...
"Cid..."
...she hugs me from behind.
"...What's up?"
"It's nothing... No, it is something... See, the truth is..."
Here it comes...!
159
"I have a special power sleeping within me..."
She's doing her big coming-out scene.
It wouldn't do for me to refute her here. If you carelessly shut
children down, they're liable to get rebellious on you.
"Figures. I always knew you were special, Sis."
"I knew you'd believe me, Cid..." She squeezes a little tighter. "I have
to unravel the secret behind this power. And the secrets surrounding
him..."
"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll do great. I'll support you no matter
what path you take, Claire."
"Cid...have you heard of Shadow?"
"Oh, yeah, he was crazy cool back at the Bushin Festival. Why, did he
do something?"
"...No, it's nothing." Claire hugs me tight.
There are probably no shortage of hardships waiting for my sister
after this. She'll struggle, she'll suffer, and she'll have to confront
some cold, hard truths. But if her right hand is "throbbing," there's
no getting around it. It's all part of growing up, after all.
No matter what path she eventually decides to take, I'll respect her
for it. After all, the path she's walking is the path I, too, once
walked...
Suddenly, I feel a gaze on my back. I turn to look.
There's a girl standing in the black-lacquered carriage carrying a large
black parasol.
I can't see her face because it's hidden behind it, but I can make out
her lovely crimson hair fluttering in the autumn breeze.
Under the parasol, she bows deeply.
160
161
162
Auxiliary Chapter
Field Notes on a Little Brother—by Young Claire!
Claire Kagenou just turned eight this year and has a brother two
years younger than her named Cid Kagenou.
Claire herself is an outstanding young girl.
The Kagenou lineage has produced countless dark knights, and as
such, expectations on her are especially high.
Her brother, Cid, on the other hand...is depressingly average.
He's not stupid or anything, and it's not like he hates exercising. But
no matter what they make him do, it all comes out flat and
uninspired.
If the two of them were a painting, Claire would be smack-dab in the
middle, the focus of the work, and her brother would probably be
mistaken for some bystander just passing along behind her.
—A mismatched pair of siblings.
For some reason, realizing that's how people saw them upset Claire
to no end.
In the Kagenou household, dark knight training begins when you're
six.
Claire is eight, so she started two years ago, and she's already to the
point where she's won a youth tournament.
163
Her brother Cid just turned six, so he started training recently, too,
but...
"Bluuuh... Sis, you're so strong..."
Pathetic words tumble out of his mouth as he crawls along the
ground.
"C'mon, that was only a light tap. Don't go crying over something so
weak!"
Claire looks down at Cid and prods him with her wooden practice
sword.
"H-hey, cut it out...!" Cid squirms, clearly not enjoying himself.
"Look, you can still move. See? The only reason you go down so fast
is because you don't have any guts!"
"This is tyranny..."
"Good grief, you're pathetic... All right, I just had a great idea." Claire
grabs Cid by the scruff of his neck and starts dragging him off.
Their father watches over their training in the mornings, but after
that, he has work, so he leaves them to practice on their own.
They don't have a choice in the matter, of course.
Cid looks up at Claire as he slides along the ground. "Wh-where are
we going?"
"You're too much of a wimp, so we're gonna go do some special
training to build up your character."
"S-special training...?"
"Baldy told us, remember? The Scarface Gang is camped out in the
forest nearby."
"Baldy" refers to their father.
164
Their mother was the first to call him that, and Claire followed her
example. Children do learn from their parents, after all.
"Uh-huh, and he told us not to go anywhere near it..."
"Yeah, and that's why we're going!"
"Huh? That doesn't make any sense!"
"If we do, you'll be able to build up some guts!"
"Th-there's no way! W-we shouldn't..."
"See, you always wimp out so quickly! I won a tournament,
remember? It's fine, you don't have anything to be worried about."
"I-it was a youth tournament... Oh, geez..."
Claire continues dragging Cid along, and eventually they leave the
grounds via a side path and make their way to the forest.
The two of them have been walking through the forest for about two
hours.
"C'mon, Claire, we should go home, this is dangerous..."
Claire yanks Cid by the hand as she plows forward. "What are you
talking about? We just got here!"
"It's almost noon. Mom's gonna be worried about us."
"T-true... If we don't make it back for lunch, she will be mad."
Their father might be a baldy, but their mother is a demon.
"Yeah, think of how mad Mom'll be," Cid agrees.
"...Fine. Today's special training is now complete! You feel a little
braver now, right?"
165
"Oh, yeah, yeah, definitely."
"I'm doing this all for you, so you should feel thankful!"
"Oh, I do, I do."
"All righty, let's head back!"
With that, Claire turns around to head back the way they came—and
bumps into someone.
"Hey, no one said there'd be kids round these parts..."
As they hear the deep voice, seven men emerge from the thicket.
Their bodies are clearly trained and their swords are clearly used.
These are no ordinary villagers.
"Wait, are you people the Scarface Gang?!"
"Hah, the girl's heard of us! Sorry, kid...but you ain't makin' it home
alive."
They look down at Claire and sneer evilly.
"I—I should be the one saying that to you!" Claire draws her childsize sword.
However, her hands are stiff and shaking.
One of the bandits draws his weapon. "A dark knight to-be, huh?
Maybe if we were normal bandits, you coulda pulled something off,
but..."
"Wh-what's that supposed to mean...?!"
"Bad news, kid, but we ain't your run-of-the-mill thugs. Every
member of the Scarface Gang is a dark knight. We go after all sorts of
well-guarded noblemen and companies, and we've got an
international bounty on our heads of over a hundred million zeni.
Even a whole group of dark knights couldn't take us down."
166
Claire glances at her brother trembling beside her, then steps
forward to protect him.
"S-so what?!"
"You're pretty cute, kid, so you'll probably sell for a decent chunk of
change. The boy's gotta die, though."
"Don't you dare touch a hair on Cid's head!!"
Claire makes the first move.
She's far faster than any eight-year-old has any right to be, and she
slips in front of the man in the blink of an eye.
Clang—a metallic noise rings out.
"Damn, you're pretty fast." The man blocks her attack with ease. The
two of them lock swords.
"Rgh... Cid, run away!!"
Claire gathers strength in her arms, hoping to buy even a second
more.
The moment she does, she suffers a tremendous blow.
"Urk—!"
It's a kick.
In the middle of their sword-on-sword struggle, the man launches a
casual kick her way.
That's all it takes to smash Claire into a tree and send her crawling
across the ground.
The difference between children and adults is despair-inducingly big.
"Gah..."
"Y'know, you weren't half bad. For a kid, that is."
"Cid... Run..."
167
All she wants is to let her brother escape, nothing more. But her wish
goes ungranted.
"D-don't bully my sister!"
Waving his wooden practice sword around, Cid charges into battle.
"Cid... You can't..."
A tear drips from her eye.
"Oh, buzz off."
The man's sword cleaves toward the young Cid.
When she sees her brother fly into the air and crumple lifelessly to
the ground, more and more tears flow from Claire's eyes.
"No... Cid... Cid...!"
—A precious memory flashes across Claire's mind.
She was only three at the time, so her ability to understand her
surroundings was still developing.
Her parents had taken their eyes off her, and she accidentally
knocked over a pot that had been on the fire.
Boiling water came gushing over her head.
She was only three, so there was nothing she could do.
Yet at the very last moment, someone yanked her back from behind.
She fell on her back and avoided the water by a hairbreadth. She was
saved.
And the one who'd pulled her backward was Cid, even though he
was only one year old.
Claire's memories from that far back were all hazy, but that wasn't
the only time Cid saved her.
168
Whenever she was about to fall out of a window, whenever a stray
dog was about to bite her, whenever she got lost and started to cry,
Cid was always there to protect her.
Even though nobody believed her, and even though the memories
faded with time, he was always there for her.
That's why she hated it when people thought of them as
mismatched.
She wanted everyone to know just how amazing he really was.
But because of that, she put him in harm's way.
"Cid... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry..."
As her consciousness begins to fade, Claire stretches her hand
toward her brother's still body.
She thinks she sees him casually stand up, but surely that's just a
trick of the eye.
The dark-haired child stands up as though nothing ever happened.
"Aaand...scene for the side character who runs in like a dumbass to
save his sister and gets one-hit KO'd. I pulled that one off pretty well,
if I do say so myself."
"W-wait, I'm sure my slash hit you..."
The bandits gawk at him in confusion.
"Nah, all it hit was some of the slime I'm testing out."
A lump of slime shimmies down from under the boy's shirt and
flattens out on the ground.
169
"Huh, slime...?"
"Its durability isn't exactly up to par. Guess I gotta go collect more."
The boy sighs in exasperation.
He's surrounded by bandits on all sides, yet he doesn't seem afraid in
the slightest. What an odd child.
"I was planning on coming and crushing you guys tonight, you know.
But my sister does tend to be a bit of a wildcard."
As he talks, the boy picks up his sister's dropped sword.
"I ain't got a clue what to make of this kid. But hey, whatever. This
time, I'll make sure I—"
The man's voice suddenly cuts off.
"Cough—bluh!"
He clutches his throat and launches into a coughing fit, hacking up
blood.
"Huh...? Why're you guys so weak?"
Fresh blood drips from the child's sword.
The man whose throat got sliced collapses.
"Wh-who the hell is this kid—?!"
The bandits, who watched it all play out, draw their swords in
unison.
"I couldn't see his slash! This ain't no normal kid!"
"It's fine, circle around him! He's just a boy, we can surround him
and crush—"
"—Exactly."
The boy has already made his move.
"Wha—?!"
170
"At the end of the day, I'm still just a kid."
The second head gets lopped off.
"B-behind us!!"
Surprised screams sound out.
"My body and magic are both still developing. If you guys surrounded
me, that'd be it. I'd have no way to break free."
The boy's voice comes from between the trees as a third and fourth
head go flying into the air.
"This ain't real! H-how's the kid so fas—?!"
"Nah, I'm not that fast. A kid's body can't take much more strain
than this, see."
Unable to make out Cid's movements, the bandits have no way to
fight back as he slices off their heads one after another.
Five. Six.
Now, only one bandit remains.
"—Ah, I getcha. You're right. You ain't that fast. You're just makin' it
look like you are."
A metallic noise rings out, and the slaughter comes to a halt.
The bandit with scars running all across his face is blocking the boy's
sword.
"Your body's light, so you can accelerate and decelerate like crazy.
But your top speed ain't nothin' much."
The bandit leaps backward and puts some distance between them.
"To make up for your body's shortcomings, you had to catch us by
surprise, rattle us, and take us down one by one. Good thinkin' for a
kid your age."
171
"Thanks kindly. By the way, does that mean you're Scarface?"
"That's me all right. Scarface, in the flesh." He readies his large knife.
Then he vanishes.
"—Behind you."
He's facing the boy from behind. As Scarface brings his oversize knife
down, the kid turns and swings his sword.
The two blades meet—and the boy goes flying.
"You're light."
The tiny body spins through the air. Then he makes a graceful, feline
landing.
"'Cause I jumped backward. My hands are all tingly now, though."
The boy shakes his hands like he's trying to return sensation to them.
"You picked a bad fight, kid. My power, my magic, my speed—all of
them are stronger than yours."
"True enough." The boy accepts the assertion.
"It's a damn shame... I may be a washout now, but I once walked the
path of the blade, too, so I can tell. If you had ten...no, five more
years, you coulda been a dark knight known the world round."
"Could be."
"It's a shame the world's gotta miss out on that... But my revenge
comes first."
Scarface vanishes once more.
A moment later, his knife whistles through the air and slashes
through the boy's body.
It should have cut him right in half.
"What...?!"
172
The boy's body offers no tactile resistance.
The moment Scarface thinks he's cut the kid in two, the boy's body
disappears.
Then he hears a young voice behind him. "That was an afterimage."
"Impossible—!" Scarface whirls around to see the boy standing
behind him, unharmed.
"Kid's bodies are fragile, so they hit their limits quickly. Which means
all I gotta do—"
The child-issue sword comes slashing down.
"—is break those limits."
It casts a beautiful silver arc through the air as it strikes at Scarface.
"So fast...!"
It's a miracle he's able to bring his knife up to block in time.
Scarface grimaces as the heavy impact makes his hand go numb.
Now they're locked blade to blade.
Given Scarface's strength, he should be able to send the kid flying
with ease. However...
"Rgh, I can't move! Why—?"
No matter how much strength he puts into it, he can't make the
knife move an inch.
Suddenly, the air trembles. The boy's magic swells up to incredible
levels.
"Wh-why's your magic...?"
The boy's eyes are glowing red.
"Overdrive."
The knife cracks—then shatters into pieces.
173
The fragments sparkle as they shoot through the air.
Sliced in two, Scarface watches his own blood fly up as he topples to
the ground. On his face, his eyes are frozen wide in shock.
The boy looks down and coughs up some blood.
"Cough... Guess that's too big a burden for a kid's body to bear."
He wipes the blood off his lips.
He cleans the blood off the sword.
"I give that thirty out of a hundred. A real shadowbroker would never
get pushed so far."
He sighs.
"Sis, wake up!"
Hearing her brother's voice, Claire immediately snaps awake.
"Cid—?!"
"Thank goodne—urk!"
Claire tearfully squeezes Cid as tight as she can.
"Oh, Cid, you're okay! Thank goodness! Oh, thank goodness..."
Her chest is bursting with relief and regret.
"I'm sorry! I'm so sorry. You must have been so scared."
"Urk... Grh... Can't breathe..."
"Cid, Cid, Cid... Wait, what happened to the bandits?"
Claire's wits return to her, and she glances around.
174
The bandits are nowhere to be seen. The only things around them
are bloodstains.
"Some...some bounty hunters came, and they all ran away. Then the
bounty hunters went after them...," he replies as he struggles in her
arms.
"I see... I guess that makes us lucky."
"Need...air..."
"Thanks for trying to save me, Cid."
"Uh, no problem. I did get sent flying, though..."
Claire shakes her head.
She's remembered an important memory she'd been on the verge of
forgetting.
"You've always been saving me, Cid. Since the very, very beginning..."
That's what she loves about him.
"I'm going to become stronger. Then, once I'm strong, it'll be my turn
to save you."
She squeezes him tight, determined never to lose him again.
175
176
177
Chapter 4
I'll Destroy It All and Start from Scratch!
Yukime the Spirit Fox waits for her guest atop the White Tower's
highest floor.
The moon's pale light streams in from outside, and the candle on the
table illuminates the lavish dinner beside it.
Suddenly, the candle's flame flickers as a shadowy figure appears in
the dim light.
"Ah, you're here..."
Shadow, dressed in his jet-black longcoat, appears out of nowhere
before the room's sliding door.
"Mr. Shadow, we've been expecting you."
A pair of women wearing bold kimonos greet him.
Shadow sits down across from Yukime.
She offers him a quick bow. "I am greatly in your debt for the
incident the other day. Had it not been for you, I would not be alive
here today."
Soft flesh jiggles against her boldly low neckline.
"Would you be so gracious as to accept my thanks? Natsu? Kana?"
Yukime flashes a charming smile.
Natsu and Kana, the two women, expose their chests and approach
Shadow.
"—That won't be necessary."
178
"Ah, so you are not a man of such tastes..."
Yukime gives them a signal, and Natsu and Kana retreat.
Then she sidles up to Shadow's side and fills his glass.
"Our finest sake."
Shadow doesn't take it.
"—State your business."
"Verily, I wish for us to get close, Mr. Shadow," she whispers in his
ear with a smile. "But I know building trust takes time. So instead, I
have some interesting information for you."
Her bosom presses against his arm.
"Pray tell, have you heard of the anti-Mitsugoshi alliance? Many
companies fear Mitsugoshi's rapid expansion; hence they've joined
forces and are plotting to take down Mitsugoshi. Who will win?
Mitsugoshi? The Major Corporate Alliance? Either way, it will surely
spark a decisive war for trade in the region..."
She leans in so close, her lips are practically touching his ear.
"And the winner of that war will be neither Mitsugoshi nor the Major
Corporate Alliance. It will be you, Mr. Shadow, and it will be I..."
She breathes out a puff of air, then rests her head on Shadow's
shoulder.
"What do you say? Shall we join forces and snatch up everything
worth snatching?"
Shadow's ear twitches.
179
It's the middle of the night, and the carriages are about two days'
journey away from the capital of Midgar Kingdom.
The entourage is currently making camp by torchlight.
Each carriage bears a carved logo resembling a mask. It's proof that
they belong to Mitsugoshi, Ltd.
The procession of slumbering carriages is packed to the gills with
goods. Rumor has it that a single carriage of Mitsugoshi merchandise
is worth over a hundred million zeni. Seeing dozens of them lined up
like this would be enough to make anyone's head spin.
Once the goods are brought to the capital, people line up in droves
to buy them, and the company makes a killing.
That's why Mitsugoshi has been able to expand at such an
astounding rate.
There's no shortage of merchants that regard the company as a
threat, of course. However, the demand for Mitsugoshi goods is so
tremendous that even a whole coalition of merchants wouldn't stand
a chance against them.
Thanks to that, its system has been rock-solid up until now.
However, if a coalition of merchants couldn't stand up against
Mitsugoshi, what about a coalition of companies...?
Now, at long last—the major corporations are getting off their asses
and banding together.
Amid the darkness, several figures gaze down at Mitsugoshi's camp.
Each is wearing a mask on their face and a sword on their hip. They
would look like simple brigands if it weren't for one incongruous fact.
They're all dark knights.
180
It isn't rare for dark knights who've committed crimes to fall into
lives of banditry, but an entire band of brigands being dark knights is
nigh unheard of.
Communicating via hand signals, they creep toward the camp.
Then all at once, they charge.
"Eeeeeeeeek!!"
A female scream rings through the air.
They cut down the silver-haired elf who was standing guard, then go
after the rest of the personnel.
The sounds of slaughter echo through the night.
When attacked by a group of dark knights that size, not even
Mitsugoshi stands a chance. The final survivor is a beautiful elf with
platinum blond hair.
As they drag her out of the carriage, tears well up in her blue eyes.
"Please, I'm begging you. Don't kill me..."
On seeing how beautiful she is, vulgar sneers creep across the
brigands' faces.
"We'd better make an example of her."
"Heh-heh. You said it."
They roughly tie her up.
"An example...?! What's that supposed to mean?!"
"Wanna find out?"
"N-no, please! Don't hurt me...!"
One man draws his sword and slowly slices the woman's dress open
from the side, exposing her pale skin.
181
"Your luck ran out when you guys pissed off the Garter Corporation.
All it took the president was a couple words to quell the major
corporations' fighting and unite them under one banner. Mitsugoshi
is finished..."
"Wait, no, you don't mean... You people are...?"
"You guessed it, we're Garter's private army. Our power's on par
with that of a small nation."
Despair flashes across the woman's eyes.
The man's smile grows even crueler as his cutting reaches the
woman's chest.
A pair of round white mounds flop out—or rather, they should have.
Instead, the only thing that comes into view is the lump of black
clothing that was adhered to her skin.
It covers her body in a flash, hiding her exposed flesh.
"The hell?!"
"I appreciate you being so forthcoming with me."
The despair in her eyes is gone without a trace. It's been replaced by
the ruthless, resolute gaze that only the truly powerful possess.
"Damn you!" The man swings his sword at her.
She doesn't dodge.
The sword slams into her neck, then comes to a complete stop. The
black garment refuses to let it sink any farther.
"Wha—?!"
The woman looks down coldly at the blade. "—You're so weak."
Then she stabs forward.
An ebony blade bursts through the man's heart and out his back.
182
He collapses, blood foaming at his mouth. The woman casts a
disparaging glance his way, then holds her sword aloft.
"It's time—punish them."
Upon hearing her cry, the first victim, the silver-haired elf, stands up
and cuts her assailant down.
And that's just the beginning. The supposedly dead Mitsugoshi
employees stand up one after another and wipe out the assassins.
Every single one of them is wearing a black garment under their
clothes.
The situation's done a complete one-eighty.
The assassins try to flee, but the women cut them down.
Pleading and death cries fill the air for a spell, but after a little while,
the night is silent again.
The platinum blond elf turns to the silver-haired one. "Nights really
are nicer when they're quiet, aren't they...? Beta, your report."
"We've finished taking out the assassins, Alpha. Our side suffered
zero casualties and no injuries, either. We were also able to capture
three of them alive."
The attractive elf she referred to as Alpha nods.
"Leave the rest to the Numbers."
"Understood."
"Looks like we have a war on our hands..."
Alpha's blue eyes flash as she glares at the distant sky.
As fall comes to a close, the night air gradually starts getting cooler.
183
I listen to the bugs chirp and buzz as I change into a suit in my dorm
room. Suits didn't exist in this world originally, but Mitsugoshi
popularized them, and now they're all the rage among the
aristocracy.
My suit, however, isn't one of Mitsugoshi's. It's a copycat product
made by the Snow Fox Corporation that Yukime gave me as a
present.
Apparently, she manages a legitimate business that operates outside
the Lawless City. They're currently in the middle of expanding their
line of Mitsugoshi knockoffs.
That said, Mitsugoshi's products make full use of all sorts of
information I brought over from my original world. Even though
Snow Fox is widely recognized as the leading authority on
plagiarizing its designs, they've only been able to replicate a small
fraction of their products.
Mitsugoshi engineering is the best in the world!
This society doesn't have antitrust laws, but if they did, the way
Mitsugoshi's taking over the marketplace would definitely violate
them.
"No wonder the Major Corporate Alliance is pissed at them..."
Honestly, Alpha and the others might have overdone it a bit.
As for me, I've got a whole outfit going on. Black suit, striped buttondown, thin black tie. My shoes are black straight tips.
I finish the look off by parting my hair to the sides and donning a
white mask that covers the top half of my face.
"Heh-heh-heh..."
I feel like an FBI agent.
184
Slime bodysuits are great—don't get me wrong—and they can't be
beat when it comes to functionality. However, I can't let the Shadow
Garden girls figure out who I am just yet.
Now then, it's almost time for my meeting with Yukime.
I turn off my room's lamp, leap out the window, and dash off into the
night.
My presence is completely erased. Nobody's following me.
After leaving the school grounds and dashing through a forest for
about half an hour, I hear a roaring waterfall as I come to a clearing.
In it, there's a mansion nestled right up alongside a mountain
stream.
Its name is Descendingwater, and between the forest, the waterfall,
and the stream, it's got one hell of an aesthetic.
Apparently, it was designed by some famous architect. Yukime uses
it as her secret base.
I see warm light spilling out from a window, and with my presence
still erased, I silently slip inside it.
Yukime is sitting on the sofa in front of the fireplace.
Her white hair glows in its light.
My heels click as I walk, and the Spirit Fox turns to me and smiles.
"Once again I fail to sense you coming, Mr. Shadow."
"...I've abandoned that name," I say quietly as I take a seat on the
sofa across from Yukime.
"Ah, that's right. Now you're Mr. John Smith."
"Right. That's who I am now..."
185
For the next little while, I plan on acting as John Smith, Super Elite
Agent. I've even changed my tone of voice to sound cooler and more
collected.
"My heart becomes warm to know you decided to trust me, Mr.
John. Care to drink with me?"
"Don't mind if I do."
As Yukime pours the wine, she makes sure to emphasize her exposed
cleavage.
Nice. I love this whole "sexy accomplice from a sketchy organization"
vibe she's got going on.
I pretend to enjoy the wine's aroma, then take a sip. For the record, I
don't know shit about aroma or flavor when it comes to wine.
"There's profit in it for me. That's all there is to it..."
"Oh my. A relationship built solely on profit? That's far too sad, no?"
"You're no different, are you?"
"I do wonder... Care to test that theory?" Yukime licks her soft, full
lips and beams a seductive smile.
"You're wasting my time."
"On another occasion, perhaps..."
She straightens up her exposed cleavage a little, then sips her wine.
Her lips leave bright red marks on the glass.
"The MCA—the Major Corporate Alliance—held a meeting the other
day. Now, they did little more than show up and confirm their
mission statement, leaving the specifics of their plan for another day.
Alas, from the looks of it, they're already employing rather vulgar
methods. Mitsugoshi might fall faster than expected."
"...I see."
186
"However, our plan remains the same. First, we let Mitsugoshi and
the MCA crush each other. Then we make our preparations and wait
for our chance—"
"—and then we take it all."
At the end of the day, Alpha and the others went too far.
The way it sounds, their fate was sealed the moment they went up
against the MCA. Yukime says so, and so do all the old guys who run
stores in the shopping district.
I mean, it makes sense.
Some rookie kids who've been doing business for only a couple years
shouldn't pick fights against legacy corporations with years of
experience and history. That's basic common sense.
There's only one way for me to save them.
I have to destroy it all, then start from scratch.
Mitsugoshi stood out too much, so everyone and their mother is
zeroing in on them. Unfortunately, that means there's no choice but
to hit the reset button.
Mitsugoshi is gonna get crushed by the MCA.
However, Yukime and I are gonna be working behind the scenes to
take down the MCA so we can divvy up their assets and the brandnew marketplace.
Then I'll found a new company and hire Alpha and the others to run
it.
In other words, Mitsugoshi will simply be reborn under a different
name.
"We'll need you to do some work to make this all happen. Be very
careful," she warns.
187
"Be careful...?"
Yukime's face darkens as she rises to her feet. Then she turns around
and unfastens her kimono's sash.
Fwump.
The firelight illuminates her naked body as her clothes fall to the
floor.
Her back...is hideously inflamed.
"The man who did this to me, Gettan the Sword Devil, works for the
***
Her back still pointing my way, Yukime looks at me over her
shoulder.
"Gettan is mine. I will verily kill him with my own two hands..."
The crackling of the fire serves as the backdrop to Yukime's grim
proclamation.
Then, suddenly, she smiles.
"Hee-hee. Now then, shall we get to our scheming?"
After Yukime puts her kimono back on, her aides Natsu and Kana
appear to refasten her sash.
I down the rest of my wine and quietly rise to my feet.
I've got the day off.
At the moment, I'm spending it with Skel and Po. It's been a while
since we three NPCs went shopping together like this.
I don't have anything in particular I'm dying for, so I fill up my basket
with daily necessities and bring it up to the counter.
188
"So out of five thousand zeni. Are paper bills all right for your
change?"
"Uh, sure."
Making sure to add an "uh" before your answer is Background
Character 101.
More to the point, it seems like people have started using paper
currency recently. The Midgar Kingdom fundamentally runs on a
coin-based economy, but bills have made some serious inroads.
Now, paper money isn't really money. Technically, it's more like a
voucher that can be exchanged for actual currency.
Because of that, there are plenty of stores that won't take them, and
plenty of people who don't trust them. It's considered polite to ask
permission before attempting to use them.
Having taken my change and finished the transaction, I head outside
and casually look over the bill.
"Huh...?"
I only just noticed it, but why is the design different from other
thousand-zeni bills?
Seeing me suddenly stop, Po calls out to me. "What's wrong, Cid?"
"Did thousand-zeni bills always look like this?"
"What are you talking about? That's one of the new bills the MCA
just put out. Do you not know why we're out shopping today?"
"Whaddaya mean?"
"Today's the big sale commemorating the MCA releasing their new
bills, remember?"
"Oh, right. Right right right."
Was that it?
189
"C'mon, Cid, get your head in the game."
I see. They're holding a blowout to entice people to use their new
bills.
Wait a sec.
If the MCA only just put out their bills, where did all the paper money
we've been using before come from?
Now I'm kinda interested, so I reach into my wallet and pull out one
of the older bills to take a look—and discover a shocking truth!
"The hell?"
I can't stop myself from yelping.
"Wh-what's wrong, Cid?!"
"Hey, Cid, what's up?"
"Why the hell does this have 'Mitsugoshi Bank' written on it?"
I can see the words on the edge of the bill clear as day: Mitsugoshi
Bank.
What the hell is Mitsugoshi Bank?!
Don't tell me Alpha and the others started a bank, too?!
"'Cause it's a deposit receipt from Mitsugoshi Bank. Duh."
"Mitsugoshi Bank was the first one to start making paper money,
remember? If you use them at Mitsugoshi shops, you get freebies
and discounts and stuff."
"Ah, now that you mention it..."
Back at the beginning, Mitsugoshi stores were the only places you
could spend paper money. I'd always thought that was weird, as well
as the fact that they gave you discounts for doing so, but now I guess
I know why.
190
So they started a bank and kept it a secret from me, huh?
Wait, did they?
Actually, now that I think about it, I do remember that one time...
A couple years ago, everyone would praise me and go, "Master
Shadow, you're a genius!" whenever I told them random trivia from
my old world, so I'd get carried away and tell them about all kinds of
stuff. I think I might have mentioned something about banks and
credit creation back then.
I watched a two-hour MBO documentary on credit creation once, so
even though I only vaguely remembered it, I was able to yammer on
for a decent while.
About halfway through, though, the look in everyone's eyes started
scaring me, and my recollection of the documentary started getting
really sketchy, so I cut the explanation short by going, "Figure out the
rest for yourselves." After that, I think they were pretty pumped up
about the idea of starting a bank themselves.
Oh god, were they actually serious?
Is the word restraint in any of their vocabularies?
Honestly, that was probably what set off the anti-Mitsugoshi faction.
"That's why the MCA's putting out paper money, too, huh...?"
If they hadn't, Mitsugoshi would have run off with the ball. They
didn't have much of a choice.
The question then becomes How well does the MCA understand
just how dangerous money creation can be?
The time has come for me to wield the knowledge imparted in me by
that two-hour MBO documentary.
"Heh-heh-heh... The question is, How well do they...? Just how
dangerous...? Heh-heh-heh..."
191
"What's he babbling about over there?"
"He's probably just stressed out. I can't imagine his life's going all
that great, after all."
When I take the simple-yet-elaborate Mitsugoshi Bank bill and
compare it side by side with the flashy-yet-sloppy MCA bill, I notice
something.
Wait, is this...?
The Mitsugoshi Bank bill has a serial number and a watermark.
The MCA bill has a serial number, too, but it's missing a watermark.
And its design isn't that detailed, either.
If someone were to make counterfeits, getting rich off them would
be piece of cake.
I don't have the means to manufacture them on my own.
However, what I do have is a reliable accomplice who operates on
the shady side of the law.
Oh, I can work with this. I can work with this indeed.
"Skel, Po, I'm on the verge of obtaining everything."
"What are you talking about, man...?"
"Cid, did you hit your head...?"
Turn, O cranial gears of mine!
As for you, two-hour MBO documentary, I'm counting on you!!
As Yukime gazes at the hearth and sips her wine, she feels wind
blowing in from somewhere.
192
When she turns around, she finds that the window's open. She hears
a sound like a finger flicking metal.
"Mr. John, pray tell, is that you...?"
Her question is answered when a suit-clad man emerges from the
darkness.
His physique is well-balanced, and his face sports a white mask and
an intrepid smile.
He takes a seat across from Yukime, toying with the coin in his hand
and flipping it into the air.
"This single gold coin can double many times over. All on the back of
the fickle, phantasmal power called credit..."
His voice is low and resonant.
Yukime senses he's talking about the bills that have recently begun
circulating.
"The slips of paper that the masses think of as currency aren't
technically money at all. In truth, they're deposit slips. Tickets that
can be exchanged to retrieve money you've lent the bank, nothing
more. When Mitsugoshi Bank turned theirs out into the world, they
also gave them the power to settle accounts—in other words, they
made it so the deposit slips could be used for transactions. In the
capital, it's fully possible to exchange ten thousand zeni' worth of
deposit slips for ten thousand zeni' worth of goods. And anyone can
then take those slips to Mitsugoshi Bank and liquidate them. As a
consequence, the people have come to believe the slips of paper
have the same value as actual money..."
He takes out two slips of paper and places them atop the desk. One
is a Mitsugoshi Bank bill; the other is one of the MCA's.
"But do they really? Let's say, hypothetically, that someone deposits
ten thousand zeni with Mitsugoshi Bank. Mitsugoshi will then issue
193
the depositor a ten thousand–zeni bill, and they'll go off and spend it
during their daily shopping. But something strange happens here.
There's the ten thousand stored at the bank, and the ten thousand
making the rounds through the marketplace. We started out with a
single ten thousand–zeni coin, but all of a sudden there's twenty
thousand zeni floating around."
Yukime considers the fact that Mitsugoshi Bank got the people to
believe that their deposit slips were just as good as money to be
their magnum opus.
Thanks to that, they've gained the ability to inflate a single coin's
value countless times over.
"Now, if all the bank did was let the original ten thousand zeni sit
quietly in their vault, there wouldn't be a problem. Even if the money
in the system still technically doubled, the amount out in the
marketplace is still just ten thousand zeni, so no contradiction is
born. However, Mitsugoshi's been using the ten thousand zeni in
their vault as collateral to issue yet another ten thousand–zeni bill
and lend it out."
Not many people actually withdraw their money from banks,
especially not when paper money is so convenient and easy to
spend. Nobody wants to walk around with a heavy sack of gold coins
jangling around, after all.
Furthermore, Mitsugoshi is incentivized to cash in on the capital's
prosperity.
There's no end to the people who want to take out loans to start up
businesses, so Mitsugoshi's bills are practically spreading faster than
they can print them.
"The ten thousand zeni in their vault multiplies countless times over,
and thanks to the capital's economic boom, Mitsugoshi Bank gets to
rake in the interest. Such is the power of credit creation..."
194
Credit creation. It's exactly what it says on the can.
Mitsugoshi Bank's leader might well be the greatest con artist the
world has ever seen.
Yukime doesn't know who exactly was audacious and crafty enough
to come up with such a scheme, but she'd love to get a chance to sit
down and chat with them.
"But are these slips of paper really as valuable as the people believe
they are...?"
If John's story got out to the masses, they'd be shocked.
Of course, it's probably common knowledge among the MCA's
leadership.
After all, they're the ones who're scrutinizing Mitsugoshi's every
move.
It's no surprise John was able to figure it out as well, but why did he
bring it up? Yukime thinks it over.
"Here are two bills. One is Mitsugoshi's; the other is the MCA's.
Notice anything...?"
"My. Is there something to notice...?"
Yukime's eyes look like pools of clear water as she compares the two
notes. The designs are different, of course, but she doubts that that's
what he's hinting at.
In that case...
"One has a watermark, while the other does not?"
"Exactly. Also, the MCA's design is more simplistic. Do you know
what that means...?"
"It's easier to make counterfeits. That's—"
"Exactly. We could make a killing."
195
"Yes..." Yukime tilts her head to the side.
Making counterfeits is an idea even a child could come up with.
Yukime's certainly considered the possibility, and the MCA doubtless
has as well.
"Mr. John, the MCA's bills have yet to circulate outside the capital. If
counterfeits were to appear, their source would be found instantly."
John freezes in place.
"A small-scale operation might be possible, but the profits would be
correspondingly minor, mind you. However, anything larger than
that would be shut down expeditiously."
Given the small area the bills are currently being circulated in, it
would be an easy job to track down where any counterfeits came
from.
In other words, starting a large-scale operation would just be asking
for trouble. While a small-scale operation wouldn't be a problem,
Yukime doubts anyone would be stupid enough to pick a fight with
the MCA.
More important, doing so would let Mitsugoshi run unchecked. And
that was a dangerous proposition.
At this rate, Mitsugoshi was liable to gain a complete stranglehold on
all commercial and banking operations.
"Um... Mr. John...?"
John's shoulders are slumped dejectedly.
He looks like a child who, upon asking a friend to go treasure hunting
with him, was given the perfectly logical response that there was no
treasure to be found.
He wasn't seriously planning on making counterfeits, was he?
196
Yukime smiles. It seems the man has a cute side to him, too.
But the next moment, she feels something pressing against her body.
John's shoulders are still slumped, but he's emanating waves of raw
power.
"Wha—?!"
"Is that...really what you believe...?"
His voice sounds like it's resonating up from the void.
What's with this insane force?
It's not even magic. It's like his willpower given form—
It's almost as though he's saying Yukime's judgment was flawed.
He's testing her. To see whether or not she's fit to be his partner...!
But still... What was it she overlooked?
Yukime thinks back over their exchange.
Then she realizes something.
"Ah—"
If, hypothetically, they managed to introduce a huge number of
counterfeits into circulation...then the MCA's credit system would
crumble.
Once the people harbored suspicions about the MCA's bills, they'd
probably go in droves to trade them back for official coinage.
However, due to the MCA's credit creation, they'll have issued many
times more value in bills than they have cash on hand. They won't be
able to cover all the exchanges.
The MCA's paper currency will become little more than scraps of
paper.
In other words...
197
"You would have us introduce vast amounts of counterfeits into
circulation to intentionally trigger this credit crisis?!"
The shorter the time before the MCA went bankrupt, the lower the
risk of them getting caught.
Better yet, Yukime has access to the perfect front—the Lawless City.
If they circulate the currency through the Lawless City, it'll take the
investigators that much longer to pin down where the counterfeits
are coming from.
By the time the MCA figures out the truth, it'll be too late.
To think John thought all that through.
Yukime finally realizes why he slumped his shoulders a moment ago.
He'd been disappointed in her...for not realizing the true significance
of the counterfeits. He'd tested her.
He definitely hadn't proposed making counterfeits on some idle
whim.
It had been a calculated decree. He'd left nothing to chance.
A moment ago, he'd said, "But are these slips of paper really as
valuable as the people believe they are...?"
He'd been hinting at the possibility of a credit crisis.
"All we must do is send them to bankruptcy before they find us...
What an audacious plan."
To think that a simple counterfeiting operation could have such a
profound significance...
Everything he'd said had been foreshadowing this.
Cold sweat runs down Yukime's back in the face of John's sheer
ingenuity.
It doesn't end there.
198
"Is that...really what you believe—?"
"Wha—?!!"
The aura radiating from John intensifies.
Has she overlooked something else?! Yukime frantically racks her
brain, but she comes up blank.
John's eyes peer at her from beneath his mask, scoping her out.
This is bad! This is bad! This is bad—!
"...It is," Yukime quietly murmurs.
She looks down.
The plan is airtight, so that's the only answer she can give...
Lamenting her own incompetence, she awaits her judgment.
However...John's pressure dissipates.
"—Exactly."
"Huh...?"
I-it was a trick—! If she'd given in to his pressure and spouted some
nonsense, he would have condemned her.
Standing by her answer had been the right move.
The final thing he'd been testing had been her honesty.
Having understood all that, she goes weak in the knees and collapses
backward into the sofa.
"Then counterfeits it is. It's a much sounder plan than my original
one. I will handle the production and distribution. When they join
circulation, the MCA will open an investigation. I trust you can make
sure it fails."
"That I can."
"Magnificent. We can deal with the rest of the details another day."
199
"...Very well." John flips his coin into the air.
It spins, then lands with a clink.
By the time it does, John's already gone. All that remains of him is a
cool evening breeze.
The fallen coin rolls along the ground and comes to a stop by
Yukime's foot. She picks it up and flips it the same way he did.
"John Smith... The man once called Shadow..."
What unbelievable ingenuity.
What unbelievable grit.
What unbelievable strength.
"Truly, he is a giant among men..."
Yukime lets out a heavy sigh.
Originally, she wanted to win him over for his strength alone, but the
man is blessed with far more than just martial prowess. He possesses
resourcefulness in equal measure, as well as the fortitude of will
necessary to wield them both.
Now that I have Yukime's seal of approval on the counterfeiting plan,
there's nothing left for me to do but wait for her to print the fake
bills.
Once that happens, my job'll be taking out enemy spies so they can't
figure out where the counterfeits are coming from.
Heh...
200
The scenario is thus—as Mitsugoshi and the MCA wage war out in
the open, a mysterious man betrays his organization and pulls strings
from behind the scenes so he can carry out his mission alone.
Counterfeits will circulate, the MCA will fall, and once all the dust has
settled, his true objective will come to light—saving his original
organization.
"...That's what it means to be a Super Elite Agent."
It's badass as hell, if I do say so myself.
I'm a Super Elite Agent who must betray his organization in order to
save it.
If Alpha and the others figure out who I am, everything will have
been for nothing. That means I can't use my sword. Because my
sword isn't part of my core aesthetic anymore, that means I can try
out all sorts of cool new fighting styles.
As I'm mulling over my options and walking down the darkened
capital streets, I spot a familiar pair of dog ears off in the distance.
"Delta...?"
The moment I murmur the name under my breath, the ears twitch.
She turns around. That's Delta, all right.
"...Boss man," she mouths.
Then she immediately drops to all fours and bounds all the way over
to me.
That's Delta for you. She's always been stupidly fast. A normal
person wouldn't have even been able to see her.
"Boss m—!"
"I'm not 'Boss man' right now."
"Oh-woof... Cid! I missed you!" Her tail wags excitedly.
201
However, her beaming grin quickly stiffens.
"Cid... You smell like fox..."
Her sense of smell is stupidly strong, too.
"Uh, I was off foxhunting."
"I wanna hunt foxes!"
Her face brightens up again.
"Sorry, but the foxes are all hunted up."
202
203
"Oh-woof... Next time, then!"
"Yeah, for sure. Oh, and quit marking me with your scent."
Delta's rubbing herself all over me, so I'm forced to manually pry her
off.
"But Cid, you stink of fox."
"It's fine."
"No!" Delta keeps coming at me, and it takes a good deal of effort to
keep her off.
I decide to change the subject.
"So, Delta, what are you doing in the capital?"
"Oh-woof... Cid, you're too strong."
"So, Delta, what are you doing in the capital?"
"Hmm? What?"
"So, Delta, what are you doing in the capital?"
"Uh, well, see, I woke up this morning, ate some meat, and came to
the capital."
"So, Delta, what are you doing in the capital?"
"Uh, well, see, I was hunting!"
"In the capital?"
"Outside the capital. It was fun! I hunted a bunch! Cid, wanna join?"
"Why were you hunting?"
"Come hunt with me!"
"Why were you hunting?"
"Alpha told me to! Cid, come hunt with me!"
"Oh, it was Alpha's idea."
204
"Yeah! Cid, come hunt with me!"
"What were you hunting?"
"Bandits! Cid, come hunt with me!"
"A bandit hunt, huh?"
"Cid, you love bandit hunting!"
"That's true. I do love bandit hunting."
"Come hunt with me!"
"All right, I'm sold. It's not like I'm doing anything."
"Hooray!!" Delta grabs me by the hand and starts trying to drag me
off.
"Hey, hold up! I can't leave right now. I gotta head back to the dorms
first."
"No!"
"Also, didn't you have some business you had to deal with here in
the capital?"
"Business?"
"I assume Alpha called for you or something."
"A-Alpha?!"
"Did you forget?"
"She called me! Is she gonna get mad?!"
"I dunno. But you'd better go quick."
"But the bandit hunt..." Delta looks at me dejectedly.
"I'll be free for a while, so why don't we just go tomorrow? Go take
care of your business."
"Got it! Cid, make sure you wait for me!!"
205
"I'll be there at the dorm. Make sure you come inconspicuously,
though."
"I'll come undercover!"
Delta drops back to all fours and dashes off through the capital at a
breakneck pace.
If anyone saw her, she'd definitely turn heads, but normal people
can't make her out at those speeds, so maybe it's fine.
For some reason, I'm reminded of the golden retriever I had back in
my old world. I let out a quiet sigh.
We race through the forest in the dead of night.
I'm following close behind Delta.
I was worried about how well she'd be able to follow my instructions,
but she managed to show up at my dorm without causing a scene or
anything.
Of course, her abilities are the one thing I never have to worry about.
Hunting is Delta's specialty. When I see the way she conceals her
presence, I'm honestly impressed. She might well be the cream of
the Seven Shadows' crop.
What's more, her ability to sense prey is off the charts. To be honest,
her sense of smell and hearing are probably even better than mine.
No matter how much I try out some extreme body mods and boost
myself with magic, the difference between species is too wide to
overcome.
With the notable exception of her brains, every aspect of Delta's is
top-of-the-line.
206
That's the reason I'm having her run ahead of me and act as my
Bandit Radar.
When it comes to hunting outlaws, finding the first one is always the
hardest and most time-consuming bit. With Delta running in front of
me, all I have to do is follow after her and let her lead me to the good
part.
Her nose twitches and her tail wags as she races forward.
Looks like we've got a hit.
She speeds up, dropping from two legs to four. She rips through the
forest at blistering speeds, eventually charging straight toward a light
barely visible off in the distance.
Screams fill the air.
When I get there a second later, I find several of the bandits already
dead, their limbs strewn around the campfire.
Yeah, I had a feeling this would happen.
Going on bandit hunts with Delta isn't all sunshine and rainbows.
There are downsides, too. Notably, she loses the ability to wait the
moment she spots her prey.
With her, bandit hunts have a habit of ending up as one-sided
massacres. And where's the fun in that?
Man, everything was shaping up to be a such a blast, too...
Now, strictly speaking, it's not that she can't wait. If I told her to,
she'd probably follow my instructions.
However, doing so causes her immense stress.
She'll behave herself as long as I'm around, but the minute I'm gone,
she'll have no choice but to vent it. That invariably causes problems.
207
She might end up mounting Gamma to assert dominance, or chop
down all the trees behind someone's house and leave the lot barren,
or find a vegetable field and eat everything in it...
Back when she was a kid, it stopped there. Now that she's grown up,
though, I have no idea how destructive her stress-relieving methods
might be. And I have no desire to find out.
As I stand there thinking, the hunt more or less comes to an end.
I barely even got to do anything.
"P-please, wait!"
The final bandit begins begging for his life.
It happens a lot, but the pleading never works on Delta.
A carnivorous grin spreads across her face as she swings her ebony
blade with all her might.
There isn't a shred of technique behind the blow, but it makes up for
it with raw power. However, it isn't just fast, but flowing and clean as
well.
I guess that's talent for you, huh?
Her sword barrels at the bandit's neck, slices through the top layer of
skin, then comes to a halt.
"Huh?"
Has Delta stopped...?
Impossible.
She sniffs, taking in the bandit's scent.
"I—I knew it was you, Sara. Look, it's me! It's me!" says the outlaw.
As he repeats "It's me, it's me" over and over like a scammer, the
bandit takes off his mask.
208
His features are rough and masculine, but they aren't nearly as eyecatching as the fact that he has dog ears the same color and shape as
Delta's.
"That is you, right, Sara? It's me, your older brother!"
Delta sniffs again, then tilts her head to the side and looks my way.
It's a sign she's asking for permission.
I nod, giving her the go-ahead to do whatever she wants.
"You smell like Dad...but I don't remember you."
Delta takes off her mask as well. Her face and tail come into view.
"Well, if it isn't Sara. I'd heard you contracted the possession and the
old man hunted you down, but...I guess you survived. Good going."
"I'm the best at hide-and-seek, or my name isn't Delta."
"Delta? So that's what you call yourself these days, huh? Hey, c'mon,
let me live. I am your brother, after all."
The man looks at Delta, clearly trying to butter her up.
Her tail puffs up menacingly. Oh, man. That's a sign she's unhappy.
"A weakling is no brother of mine."
"Hey, hey-hey-hey-hey-hey, you've always been strong, and I know I
can't beat you! Even Dad always said if you weren't a woman, he
would have appointed you as the next chief! Your possession is all
better, right? Why don't I go talk to Dad and get him to let you come
home? Whaddaya say?"
"If I wanted to go back, I'd do it myself."
"Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah, of course! That's just how you are! In that
case, what if I introduce you to a master befitting your skills! Listen
and be amazed—right now, I'm working for Gettan the legendary
Great Wolf!"
209
Delta's tail begins to swish. It's a sign she's outright pissed.
"Gettan... You heard of this guy?" I ask her.
"Don't know him." She shakes her head, her expression stern. Yup,
figures.
"You're kidding!! He's the legendary Great Wolf, the one even Dad
couldn't beat! The strongest swordsman in all the wolf clans! I—I bet
you could even get chosen as one of his lovers, and—"
"Don't care; shut up. Weaklings should just be quiet."
With that, Delta lops the man's head off mid-sentence. His head flies
in a clean arc through the air.
"Uh... Wasn't that your brother?"
Her face looks downright livid as she glowers at the man's severed
head, but when she looks over at me, she wags her tail, all smiles.
"Weaklings are a stain on the family name. I'm glad I got to put him
down."
"I...see."
There's nothing else I can really say. I guess humans and
therianthropes just see the matter in fundamentally different ways.
Therianthropes are a pretty diverse species, but something like 80
percent of them are of the opinion that "might makes right." The
strong are kings, and those who are good at hunting are respected,
too, albeit not quite as much. In that regard, Delta's an archetypical
example of the stereotype, to the point where it's like, "Oh man,
settle down; we get it, you're a therianthrope."
However, even though they don't all take it to extent Delta does, her
way of thinking is pretty standard. To put it bluntly, therianthropes'
base stats are overpowered as hell. Their physical abilities are high,
their senses are sharp, their reflexes are great, their magic is
210
plentiful, they live long lives, and they reproduce like rabbits. If it
weren't for their intellectual shortcomings, they'd have easily taken
over the world by now.
Because of their "might makes right" philosophy, every time their
population goes up, they start infighting, and it goes right back down
again. Occasionally, some grand therianthrope hero will show up and
unite them, but they invariably end up picking a fight with the
humans or the elves and get sent scurrying back. Wait...this is the
therianthropes we're talking about. They crush their opposition
every time. What actually happens is that they extend their supply
lines too far, their provisions can't make it to the front lines, and they
get hungry and head home. Every goddamn time. Still, that's not to
say there aren't wise and clever ones, too. For better or for worse,
they're a diverse people. For example, the fox clans are famous for
their intellect. Just look at Yukime.
Man, if only they'd just turn to the smarter clans and listen to them
for a change. Actually, they do listen to them at first, but as soon as
the supply lines get stretched out and the smart therianthropes tell
them to play it safe, the meatheads call them cowards and push on
anyway.
Apparently, they're all "might makes right" when it comes to their
instincts, too.
They do ostensibly have a constitutional government, and they've
made some forays into industry recently, but they haven't had much
success. I guess their brains are too full, thinking of raw power.
"Still, you should try to at least recognize your siblings. That can't
possibly be too much to ask."
"Um, my dad has around twenty lovers. I have over a hundred
brothers!"
"Oh. Well, in that case, you can definitely stand to lose one or two."
211
That's therianthropes for you. They operate on crazy scales. Still, I'm
kind of interested in this country of "might makes right."
"You know, I kinda want to check out the therianthrope lands at
some point."
Delta's ears twitch. "Ooh, good idea! You can become chief, Boss
man!!"
"Huh?"
"You can beat up the old one, then become chief of the new pack!"
"Uh..."
"Then you can make lots of babies and become the strongest family
in the world!!"
"Yeah, that's definitely not on the agenda."
"It is! We'll find you a thousand women!! You can make lots of
babies, the strongest in the world!! Let's go!! You can become a big
hero, then take over the world!!"
"That's not happening. C'mon, we're heading back to the capital."
"No!!"
"Yes."
"Boooooo!!"
I drag Delta back to the capital. This is giving me a headache.
212
213
214
Chapter 5
Printing Fake Money as Mitsugoshi Throws Down
with the Major Corporate Alliance!
The gorgeous room has two men in it.
One is a human merchant so rotund, he looks like a frog. The other is
a blind therianthrope.
"One of the Clovers was killed? Is that what you're telling me?" the
therianthrope growls. His jet-black fur is sleek, and his wolfman
features are rough and masculine. Each of his eyelids closes over his
empty sockets and bears a deep sword wound.
"The man we lost was the newest Clover, the therianthrope who'd
caught your attention, Mr. Gettan. His camp was raided while he was
preparing to masquerade as a bandit and attack Mitsugoshi's
carriages."
The rotund merchant keeps a close eye on Gettan's expression as he
relays the news.
The Clovers are the four most capable members of the Garter
Corporation's personal army. They're all handpicked by Gettan
himself.
"And now he's dead... Whose work was this, Garter?"
"It's unclear. The corpse was decapitated with a single blow to the
head. It certainly wasn't the work of an amateur. Given our current
situation, we suspect Mitsugoshi has hired some dark knights..."
The frog-like man is Garter, president of the Garter Corporation.
215
Although Garter is the president and Gettan is one of his employees,
you'd never guess it from the way they interact with each other.
"Those Mitsugoshi bastards... They're tough, I'll give them that."
Gettan's murmur is low, like a wolf snarling.
Their public efforts to crush Mitsugoshi should have been going well.
Thanks to the work their private army's been doing while disguised
as bandits, all the traveling salesmen have stopped carrying
Mitsugoshi goods and using their bills. Instead, they've all switched
over to MCA merchandise and currency.
Furthermore, the MCA's paper money is becoming popular, right on
schedule.
Yet for whatever reason, Mitsugoshi isn't flinching.
The Garter Corporation hasn't been attacking only traveling
salesmen, but Mitsugoshi cargo carriages, too. However, the
competitor must have some formidable guards on their payroll.
Not a single member of Garter's attack force has come back alive.
In other words, Mitsugoshi's urban trade has been completely
unaffected. The only ones who've been suffering are the traveling
salesmen who used to carry their goods to the commoners out in the
countryside.
However, rural commerce doesn't even begin to compare with its
urban counterpart when it comes to scale.
After all, cities are where the rich and powerful gather. And those
are the kinds of people who can not only afford luxury goods but buy
them by the cartload.
Most rural families, on the other hand, are just simple farmers.
Farmers tend to be self-sufficient when it comes to food. Whenever
they find themselves in need of something, they prefer to make it on
216
their own, not spending money unless it's absolutely necessary.
Many of them are in the habit of buying things only when the
traveling salesmen make their monthly rounds.
Mitsugoshi's been trying to change that habit by selling high-quality
goods at bargain prices out in the countryside, but that's still a work
in progress.
Even though their rural sales are currently stagnating, it isn't so much
as making a dent in their bottom line.
That just goes to show how strong a foundation they've built with
their urban stores.
"Tch..." Gettan clicks his tongue, feigning irritation.
The merchants of the MCA had looked down on Mitsugoshi. They'd
thought that crushing them would be a breeze.
At this rate, though, Mitsugoshi might not go down at all.
The more time goes on, the more resources the MCA is burning.
Gettan controls the Garter Corporation, so he needs to at least
pretend to be flustered.
"Gather the rest of the Clovers and conduct a raid on Mitsugoshi's
headquarters."
"As you wish."
"Make sure you get all their money and manufacturing details.
Failure will not be tolerated."
Garter bows silently, then practically flees the room in his hurry to
leave.
The way Gettan turns his head to follow him, it's almost as though
his shut eyes can really see.
"Excellent..."
217
Now alone, Gettan bares his fangs in a toothy smile.
His job is to destroy Mitsugoshi. That's why he's taken over the
Garter Corporation.
However, unlike the MCA merchants, he knows they won't go down
without a fight. That's why the Cult has decided they need to be
eliminated.
Word came down from the Cult's top brass: Mitsugoshi is growing
faster than they'd predicted, and if they keep expanding at this rate,
there's a chance they'll end up posing a problem.
The Cult already has their hands full just dealing with Shadow
Garden. If they let a new hindrance rise up now, it could prove an
impediment to their future plans.
"Heh-heh-heh..."
Mitsugoshi is powerful enough, even the Cult regards them as a
threat.
There was no way the MCA companies were going to be able to deal
with them, even after they all joined forces.
As far as Gettan is concerned, the MCA is nothing more than a
sacrificial pawn. And because he's willing to abandon the MCA to do
it, crushing Mitsugoshi will be a cinch.
The only reason he volunteered for this job was because he had the
utmost confidence in his ability to pull it off.
"I've already made it this far..."
He's at the point where getting a seat on the Rounds isn't a pipe
dream.
Just a little more...
***
218
The wounds over his eyes ache.
He presses down on them with one hand and grimaces.
He received them many moons ago, but even though they've long
since healed, they still remind him of his past failures.
***
He murmurs something under his breath.
A memory of his life's first black stain.
He grinds his fangs.
Rain cascades over the night. As the moon hides behind the clouds,
the sound of droplets hitting the ground echoes in from outside.
Two elves sit on a couch on Mitsugoshi's first floor.
"Alpha, the bodyguards have been able to completely repel the
MCA's attacks on our carriages. In fact, because we've successfully
killed all the assassins they sent, we're gradually whittling down their
combat assets."
The indigo-haired elf with deep blue eyes—Gamma—looks over
some documents as she speaks.
"Sounds like there aren't any problems on that front," Alpha replies.
The light from the fireplace makes her platinum blond hair glow.
"We have the superior market share, too. All we need to do is keep
counterattacking and the MCA will gradually fall."
"Thank goodness for that. We don't want the connection between
Mitsugoshi and Shadow Garden to become public, so we need to
avoid making any overt moves..."
219
Then there's a knock on the door.
"Come in."
"Forgive the intrusion."
Their guest is Nu, a woman with dark brown hair.
"I'm sorry to interrupt you in the middle of your conversation, but
we have intruders on the premises."
"...It would seem they're looking to pick a fight."
Gamma stands up from the couch, her face radiating confidence. "I'll
handle it."
"I, um, I suppose that's fine, but...are you sure?"
"Absolutely. I'll go show them what we're made of. Nu, follow me."
"Roger that."
The two of them bow, then leave. Alpha uneasily watches them go.
"Well, Nu's with her, so she should be okay...," the elf says with a
nod, trying to convince herself that it's true.
As the man clad in black dashes through the dark corridor, the sound
of rain drowns out his already-quiet footsteps.
The nimble man's identity is Leaf One, a powerful dark knight and
the leader of the Clovers.
He, along with Leaf Two and Leaf Three, are in the middle of
conducting a raid on Mitsugoshi's headquarters. His job is to break
off from the group and gather up confidential documents solo.
Meanwhile, Leaf Two and his men will be engaging in sabotage,
220
while Leaf Three will be pillaging as well as kidnapping important
personnel.
As Leaf One heads deeper into the company's bowels, he notices a
figure walking his way. He stops in his tracks.
He recognizes that indigo-haired elf walking through the dark
hallway. It's Mitsugoshi's president.
Leaf Three is supposed to be the one in charge of kidnapping,
but...eh, whatever. Leaf One decides to prioritize knocking the
woman out and capturing her.
He moves swiftly.
After silently coming up behind the target, he levels a knife-hand
strike at her neck.
"Ow!" she yelps.
"Huh?"
She whirls around, eyes wide.
Leaf One hurriedly puts some distance between them. He definitely
caught her by surprise, so why isn't she knocked out?
"That hurts! But catching me by surprise... Impressive."
She rubs her neck and flashes a fearless smile. Although she's
complaining about the pain, she doesn't seem to have suffered any
meaningful damage.
"I see you went to great lengths to get here, so I would be remiss not
to offer you a welcome befitting your efforts. My name is Gamma.
And I'll be the one to end your life!!"
With that declaration, Gamma draws her ebony blade.
Then she reinforces her body and closes the distance between them
in a flash.
221
She's fast!!
Crazy, stupid fast.
However, that brief instant is all Leaf One needs to get a read on her.
This woman is fast—but she's a complete amateur!!
Her movements are sloppy, and her form is all over the place.
"Fwoosh!!" she cries as she swings her sword.
She puts way too much strength into it, and she has wasted
movements all over the place.
Even so, the swing is like lightning—and what's with that insane
amount of magic?!
It doesn't matter how fast it is, any attack with such exaggerated and
predictable movements can be easily countered. However, Gamma's
sword has enough magic packed into it to blow away dozens of dark
knights with ease.
One touch of that thing would be lethal.
Leaf One makes sure to give the oncoming assault a gigantic berth.
"That was some fine work, dodging my attack," she commends.
"Given those elegant movements of yours, I take it you're a
practitioner of the Western Liechtenroi style of fencing?"
"Wha—?!"
She can tell?!
Being able to identify someone's fighting style in just a glance
requires incredible powers of observation. Clearly, this woman is no
amateur.
Either that, or she just got lucky. Leaf One isn't sure.
"Now that I know your style, countering it is easy. Here I come."
222
"—!" Leaf One puts up his guard.
"Fwoosh!!" shouts Gamma as she charges at him.
Just as before, she's insanely fast, but because of how clumsy her
footwork is, it's surprisingly easy to track her.
She releases another powerful strike.
"Wha—?!"
There's only one way to describe the attack—it's the exact same as
the last one?!
She said she figured out his style, but her attack didn't change a bit!!
Leaf One's reflexes take over. He slices at Gamma's neck.
But...
"Ow!"
"Huh?"
She doesn't suffer so much as a scratch.
He hit her neck; he's sure of it. So why? What the hell is going on
with this woman's body?!
Leaf One's voice shakes. "Who in the blazes..."
"For you to have landed an attack on me, you must truly be a master.
Very well. Then I shall bring my full strength to bear against you."
Gamma packs even more magic into her sword.
"Fwoosh, fwoosh, fwoosh!"
...She swings it repeatedly.
It's fast, but the attacks are so obvious!!
Leaf One falls back and dodges the blows.
"Fwoosh, fwoosh, fwoosh!!"
223
Gamma continues to pursue him with her unreasonable speed.
"Wh-what's with that insane amount of magic?! And what's with
that absurd shout?!"
"It's a trick my magnificent master taught me!! He told me to infuse
my sword with a bunch of magic, then slash! He also told me that if I
shouted 'fwoosh' while I'm attacking, it'll look more powerful!!
Fwoosh, fwoosh, fwoosh!!"
"D-dammit!!"
Overwhelmed by the pressure from Gamma's attacks, Leaf One
stumbles.
A fatal opening.
"Gotcha!"
She got him!
Their thoughts align.
However, reality doesn't.
"Plergh?!" Gamma yelps as she trips and falls over nothing. Unable
to kill her momentum, she does a corkscrew spin right through the
wall.
Crash!!
The tremendous bang echoes throughout the corridor.
"Oww... Not bad."
When Leaf One sees Gamma emerge from the wall unscathed and
brush the rubble off her shoulders, he shudders.
Wh-what is this woman made of?!
"So you saw me take a big swing, then took advantage of that brief
opening to sweep my legs out from under me and used aikido to
against me to throw me into the wall. Am I right?"
224
"N-no? You kinda just tripped on your own..."
"Please. Your cheap lies won't work on me."
This is useless. There's no point trying to reason with this woman.
Wait a minute, this insane chick is Mitsugoshi's president?!
It's okay, though. Leaf Two and Leaf Three will finish up their tasks
soon. Even this madwoman will be powerless before a numbers
advantage. As the thought crosses Leaf One's mind, he hears
footsteps behind him.
They're here!
"You got here right on time, Leaf Two, Leaf Three... Wha—?!"
The person standing there is neither Leaf Two nor Leaf Three.
It's a woman with a faint smile dancing at her lips. Her dark brown
hair bobs as she walks. In her hands, she's holding two lumps...
"When you say Leaf Two and Leaf Three, do you mean—these?"
The woman tosses the two lumps to the ground.
They roll toward Leaf One and come to a stop by his feet. It's a pair
of freshly severed heads. And they're still warm.
"Wha... Leaf Two, Leaf Three...?"
Without a doubt, they're the heads of his fellow Clovers.
When he glances at the woman who killed them, she doesn't look
like anything more than a simple Mitsugoshi employee.
Leaf One begins sensing there's more to Mitsugoshi than meets the
eye.
"Oh my, Nu, you got done rather quickly."
"D-did I...?"
225
"But watch out. That man is undoubtably one of the world's greatest
masters..."
"Wait...really?"
The woman named Nu looks at Leaf One. Ninety percent of what fills
her gaze is doubt.
It's like her eyes are shouting, So what? You think you're strong or
something? at him.
That inscrutable brown-haired woman scares Leaf One. Realizing
immediately that she's out of his league, he shakes his head.
"...The man himself is denying it," Nu observes.
"Don't let him fool you. He's a master of the Western Liechtenroi
style and an expert in aikido, to boot."
"Really. Well now, that's something I have to see..." Nu draws her
sword.
O-oh no!
Leaf One instinctively charges at Gamma. Given a choice between
the enigma guarding the exit in front of him and the dragon guarding
his rear, he'll choose the one in front any day.
"All right, let's settle this! Fwoosh!!" Gamma swings her sword.
However, Leaf One can read her like a book. He stops right outside
her attack range, then gets ready to launch a counterattack.
The plan was perfect.
"Plergh?!"
If only she hadn't tripped.
"Huh?"
226
Unfortunately for him, Gamma stumbling causes her to lose her grip
on her sword. It goes spinning toward him at full speed, then slices
him clean in two.
As the sword continues whizzing through the air, Leaf One's body
crumples to the ground.
"Oh no... Now I've done it."
Gamma then looks up and surveys the situation. A complicated
expression spreads across her face as she locks eyes with Nu.
"Uh...Hidden Technique: 'Desperation Discus'...!!"
It's the only way she can think of to save face.
"G-good going there, Gamma!!"
Luckily for her, she's blessed with an understanding subordinate.
Dry clapping fills the air as the last of Leaf One's consciousness fades
away.
"The Clovers haven't come back? Is that what you're telling me?"
Upon hearing the news, Gettan crosses his arms and thinks.
The Clovers they'd sent to attack Mitsugoshi never returned. In other
words, their raid was a failure.
Leaf One, Leaf Two, and Leaf Three were all formidable dark knights.
They wouldn't have been good enough to make it into the Cult's
upper echelons, but anyone else would easily consider them
masters.
Yet they didn't come back.
227
In fact, according to Garter, none of the members of their private
army who went along with the Clovers came back, either.
Not a single one.
The group had a rear guard whose job was to report back in case the
mission failed, too. But even the rear guard was MIA.
"The Clovers failed... Just how strong are these Mitsugoshi guards?"
"Also, Mr. Gettan, um... There are some members of the MCA
who've expressed concern over the lack of results."
"Make them eat their words."
"Y-yes, sir..."
Gettan's sightless gaze tracks Garter as the latter bows and leaves.
"So Mitsugoshi is powerful enough to defeat the Clovers... Perhaps
that's why the Cult sees them as so dangerous...?"
He presses down on the scars over his eyelids.
"No matter, though. Everything is going according to plan. They've
already fallen into our trap," he mutters, almost as though he's
trying to convince himself that it's true.
Fall has ended, and winter has begun.
I dutifully play out my role at school as a background character as I
wait for the counterfeits to be finished.
Everyone else is just going about their boring lives, utterly oblivious
of the fact that I'm secretly working to bring down the MCA.
If everything goes well, we'll be able to cash out the counterfeits and
make mad bank.
228
Man, the thought makes even these boring days of mine feel brilliant
and wonderful.
Po, Skel, and I are basically the school's Three Stooges. Nobody has
any idea of the true influence I wield.
Occasionally, as I'm enjoying my school life, I say something deep
and profound to give them a hint.
"Troubled winds are blowing... Change is on the horizon..."
Nobody pays my words a second thought.
But that's the way I want it. This way, when the truth finally comes to
light, a small handful of them will remember it.
They'll think back—and remember what I said.
"Come here."
"Ow—"
As I switch into foreshadowing mode, a woman with platinum blond
hair and red eyes grabs me by the scruff of my neck. Alexia.
"Did you want something? I'm busy, you know."
Fighting back seems like a hassle, so I let her drag me away.
"Your schedule looks wide open to me. I need you to come watch
something."
"What?"
"My sword."
Eventually, we reach an empty dojo. It's a small room on the edge of
campus designed for individuals to practice on their own. I sit down
on the floor and watch Alexia draw her wooden sword.
This is fine, I'll just sort of half pay attention. I take a look at her
swings.
229
Suddenly, I notice something.
Wait... Has she always been this strong?
Now that I think about it, it's been a long while since the last time I
watched her fight. I'm pretty fond of her swordplay. Nothing else
about her, mind you. Now, though, it feels like she's had some sort
of mental shift, or like she's finally figured something out.
It makes sense. Those tend to be the kinds of things that spur on
rapid growth.
"You're looking good there," I remark as I watch her swing.
"Hmm." Her blade halts.
"And you'll probably keep improving, too. That's just my opinion as
an amateur, though."
"I see. Well, thank you."
"No problem."
Alexia looks away from me and mops up her sweat. "You told me
once you liked my swordplay, didn't you?"
"Did I?"
"You did. And that's why I wanted to show you this."
"Fair enough."
"But it still isn't enough yet. I need to become stronger."
"Okay."
"You're supposed to ask why." Alexia glares at me. "The thing is, I
wasn't able to protect Rose. The Oriana Kingdom is in shambles, and
I'm sure that wherever she is, she's suffering, too. That's why I need
power..."
That reminds me—did Rose manage to escape successfully? I hope
she's doing okay.
230
"In the shadows of our peaceful lives, the world is ever changing. If
we stand still, we're sure to be left behind."
True, that. And I'm the one pushing the change.
"I don't want to just be a bystander anymore. It's funny, though...
Ever since I began acting on my own, it seems like the days just fly
by."
"That's just how it goes, I guess."
"I'm happy you're able to act so carefree about it. Well, thank you
for today. I hope that you never have to change those carefree ways
of yours."
She sighs, and I take my leave.
Outside, the sun's already set.
Now that it's winter, it's starting to get pretty nippy at night. I walk
briskly back to the dorm, change into my John Smith outfit, and make
for an abandoned lot.
There, I find a therianthrope with brown cat ears.
It's Natsu, one of Yukime's attendants.
I erase my presence, sneak up close, and—
"State your business."
—I pop out right behind her.
With a start, she hurriedly turns around and looks at me with her
feline eyes.
"M-Mr. Smith, please don't scare me like that."
"That wasn't my intention..."
A good shadowbroker always acts nonchalant about stuff like this.
"Now, your business?"
231
When she hears my question, Natsu's smile broadens. This is what
she's been waiting for.
Natsu and Kana are Yukime's aides. They're apparently sisters, but
they don't look particularly similar.
Natsu has brown cat ears and a mature, womanly air about her,
whereas Kana is more childish, and her cat ears are black.
Her brown cat ears twitch as she answers my question. "The goods
are complete."
"I see..."
Hell yeah, they're finally here!
The factory where the counterfeits are being made is an
underground facility between the capital and the Lawless City.
I'm actually the one who recommended this place to Yukime. Long
ago, a group of bandits kidnapped my sister and held her here, and
the others and I all hunted them down together. It's the very image
of an ideal secret base.
After the counterfeits get made here, our strategy is to ship them to
the Lawless City and then circulate them through the capital from
there. That way, it'll be harder for the MCA to figure out where
they're coming from.
When I step inside, I find that the interior of the bandit hideout I
raided with Alpha and the others when we were all kids has been
completely transformed into Yukime's counterfeiting factory.
I cast a glance at her hardworking employees, then follow Natsu
deeper inside.
232
When I open a beautifully remodeled door, I'm greeted by a large
office.
"So you've come, Mr. John..."
I take a seat across from Yukime on the room's sofa set.
"I hear they're complete."
"See for yourself." Yukime flashes me a seductive smile, then opens
the package on the table.
Inside are two rolls of bills.
Both are composed of ten thousand–zeni notes, and each stack looks
about a hundred bills tall.
"Pray tell. Can you figure out which ones are real?"
Given Yukime's tone, she's pretty darn confident.
I pick up the rolls and compare them.
Shit. I don't have a clue.
However, this is a situation where a Super Elite Agent should be able
to pick up on even the tiniest of discrepancies.
By enhancing my vision to crazy levels, I finally catch them. The
quality of the paper, the consistency of the ink, and the printing are
all ever so slightly different.
But there's still a problem... I don't remember what the originals are
supposed to be like.
It's okay, though.
At times like this, it's important to be confident in your ability to
bullshit your way through.
I flip through the bills for no reason, smiling suggestively and nodding
like I know what I'm doing.
233
"Do I even need to say?"
"What do you possibly mean?" Yukime looks puzzled.
"When you compare the two, this one's paper is coarser."
I hold up the rougher stack.
"There's a difference in the ink, too. This one has more bleed."
Her eyes go wide.
"Finally, the printing is ever so slightly off-center. See, here."
Yukime finally takes the rolls and compares them.
"Y-you're right, it is. I was certain we checked that..."
"Is there really any need for me to say which one is fake?" I exude
pressure from my body as I ask the question.
"No... It goes without saying that the one with more inaccuracies is
the real one."
If there are two choices, just avoid the question.
"It would appear you tried too hard to make them look real."
"...We will begin remaking them at once."
"That won't be necessary. I doubt anyone but me would have
spotted the discrepancies."
"I am still no match for you, it would seem, Mr. John. We will begin
distributing them tomorrow without delay, then."
"Good."
"As we release more counterfeits, they will launch an investigation. I
trust you can handle putting an end to it. However..."
Yukime's sentence trails off, as though she's having trouble getting
the words out.
234
"...What is it?"
"I have just one request."
"Oh?"
"If you happen to cross paths with a man named Gettan... Might I ask
you to let him escape with his life?"
"...And why should I do that?"
Yukime looks down as she mulls over what to say. Then, taking great
care with her words, she answers me.
"Back when I was a wee girl, when I only had one tail, I lived together
with my mother. Our village was small, we Spirit Foxes."
As she hangs her head, her voice takes on a nostalgic tone.
"We lived in peace, unscathed by the wars of the world. My mother
had three tails, and with her power, she made a living hunting. Then I
would help clean and prepare the game she brought back. It was a
simple life but a happy one. But those days would not last forever.
One day, when she went out hunting, my village..."
She cuts herself off and looks up.
"Mayhap that is enough for today. I shall save the rest for once our
bond is a touch deeper." She smiles mischievously.
"You aren't going to tell me—?"
"Shall we deepen our bond now?" She chuckles. "I joke, I joke. That
man stole everything from me. Now, it is my turn to take everything
from him. Only then shall he die, and only by my hand..."
Yukime's mischievous smile is still plastered across her face, and her
voice is the same as always.
"Revenge, then? Very well."
"Gettan is a blind wolf with scars fastening his eyes shut."
235
"Got it."
I stand and turn away from her.
"You'll have your revenge. But take care, or it'll consume you and
lead you astray from your path...," I murmur as I leave.
236
237
238
Chapter 6
Circulating Counterfeit Cash!
As Alpha is looking over documents in her office, she suddenly looks
up and frowns.
There's a sound.
"Alpha, bad news!! Plergh!"
The door flies open, and Gamma tumbles in. She slides across the
floor, then crashes skull-first into Alpha's desk.
"What is it? You seem to be in rather a hurry to tell me."
Gamma presses down on her nose with tears in her eyes. "Owwww...
Bad news. Th-there are counterfeits..."
"Counterfeits...?"
"Counterfeits of the MCA's currency have entered circulation!"
Alpha's eyes go wide. "Tsk... How many?"
"Not much, for now."
"Does the MCA know?"
"Not yet, I don't think."
"Start spreading rumors. We need the MCA to realize what's going
on."
"Understood."
"Meanwhile, we'll open an investigation into where they're coming
from. This mission takes top priority."
239
Gamma nods solemnly. "Agreed. We have to nip this in the bud."
"If a credit crisis happens, we won't get away unscathed, either...
Don't tell me this is..."
"What is it?" Gamma looks quizzically at Alpha, who's lapsed into
thoughtful silence.
"It's nothing."
"I certainly hope so. I'll mobilize the Numbers and begin the
investigation."
Gamma bows, then leaves. Alpha watches her go, then turns her
gaze to the window.
The roadside trees sway in the wind, their red and yellow leaves twirl
in the air.
"Don't tell me this was part of their plan... No, I'm just overthinking
things," she quietly murmurs as she shakes her head.
"We've discovered counterfeits? Is that what you're telling me?"
When he hears the news from Garter, Gettan doesn't have to feign
his astonishment.
"W-we're looking into the details as we speak..."
Garter's voice shakes, but the reprimand he's bracing himself for
never comes.
"Um, Mr. Gettan...?"
"...Find out where they're coming from. Now."
240
"Y-yes, sir! At once!" Garter quickly rushes out of the room before
Gettan can start yelling at him.
Gettan crosses his arms and starts thinking.
The discovery of counterfeits isn't the bit he's surprised about.
After all, "having counterfeits discovered" had been his plan all
along.
Once counterfeits make their way into circulation, a credit crisis is
bound to happen, and the MCA's bills will become little more than
scraps of paper.
That'll make the people start casting doubt on Mitsugoshi Bank's
bills, too.
The credit crisis will spread like wildfire.
The MCA's been printing paper money for credit creation, but
Mitsugoshi Bank is no different.
In other words, Mitsugoshi Bank won't have enough reserves to
meet people's increased desire to trade in their paper currency. The
MCA will go bankrupt, but Mitsugoshi will follow soon after.
Mitsugoshi Bank's bills are incredibly precise. Any counterfeits would
get spotted immediately; they'd never make it far in the
marketplace.
However, if the MCA printed low-quality, easy-to-copy currency,
then that wouldn't pose a problem.
That had been Gettan's plan.
Except the counterfeits weren't supposed to be found until later.
The Cult still has a good deal of money tied up in the MCA. They
weren't supposed to start introducing the counterfeits into
circulation until they'd transferred it all to safety.
241
"Did the schedule change...?"
If that was what the Cult's leadership had decided, then Gettan has
no choice but to follow along. Still, though, they could have at least
told him.
"What exactly is going on?"
Gettan needs to check in with his bosses. If anyone messes up here,
the Cult stands to lose a huge amount of funds.
He rubs the aching scars on his eyelids.
Just as planned, we're slowly introducing the counterfeits into the
system and cashing them in.
As John Smith, I stand atop the clock tower and gaze down upon the
city's unprecedentedly prosperous nightlife as I try to predict what
the organizations working behind its scenes will do.
"This presence... The organizations' plans are coming into motion..."
I smile meaningfully.
Who will be the first to detect our schemes, I wonder?
As I idly enjoy the nighttime view, I spot a carriage trying to leave the
capital inconspicuously.
I also spot the three figures trailing after it...
"I see... Well, it makes sense that the first ones to notice would be..."
Following the figures, I leap down from the clock tower.
The moment I saw their slime bodysuits, I knew they were associated
with Mitsugoshi.
"Sorry...but I can't have you knowing the truth just yet."
242
Even though it's ultimately for their sake, I am currently pretending
that I've betrayed them.
Only when the dust settles will they finally learn the truth.
As Number 664 stealthily follows the carriage leaving the capital, she
turns around and glares at Number 666.
"Number 666, you really, really can't act on your own, got it? As your
squad leader, I need to know you're going to follow my orders."
"I know."
"Clearly you don't, or we wouldn't need to have this conversation.
Good grief... You rushed off on your own last time. I know everything
ended up going okay, but still, what are you in such a hurry for?"
"I'm just... It's nothing." Number 666 hangs her head as she offers a
brief denial.
"See, you're always trying to shoulder everything on your own. I
won't know what's going on in your head unless you tell me, you
know."
"Maybe it'd be best if we just focused on the mission."
"Oh, yeah, no kidding. But in order to do that, I have to start by
telling off a certain someone who likes to take a little too much
initiative."
Number 664 looks away from Number 666 and sighs.
As she does, she hears a yawn coming from behind.
"Hey, 665, did you just yawn?"
Number 664 turns around. This time, it's Number 665 she glares at.
243
"Noooope."
"You did. You totally did. I heard you. You need to focus on the
mission, too, all right? I already went over just how important it is."
"Oh-kayyyy."
As Number 665 gives her listless response, Number 664 turns her
glare back toward the carriage running in front of her.
Their mission this time is to find out where the MCA counterfeits are
coming from.
Gamma of the Seven Shadows narrowed down the list of suspicious
trade routes, and the carriage running in front of them is traveling
along one of them.
It has been impressed upon Number 664 just how important their
mission is.
That is precisely why she's so worried.
For one, Number 666 is rushing things. Now, everyone knows how
strong she is, and it's thanks in large part to her that their squad is
regarded so highly.
Recently, though, her habit of acting on her own has started to
become intolerable.
Number 664 doesn't know what's gotten her so riled up, but at this
rate, she's bound to eventually make some major blunder.
In this world, there are some screwups that just can't be fixed. Given
the kinds of missions they go on, a single mistake can easily prove
fatal...
As she starts concentrating again, Number 664 prays they'll be able
to complete their mission without anything going wrong.
However—her wish goes unanswered.
244
"Below us!" Number 666 abruptly calls out.
They all react to her voice and try to leap away.
However, Number 666 herself is the only one who makes it in time.
"Hwah?!"
"Ah!"
Numbers 664 and 665 trip on something and tumble to the ground.
When they catch themselves and rise back to their feet, they
discover something thin and threadlike tangled around their legs.
"Is this...thread?" Number 664 asks.
Number 665 answers, "It seems like steel wire with magic running
through it, maybe..."
The two of them cut through the wire with their slime swords, then
brace themselves for the follow-up attack.
In their peripheral vision, they can make out Number 666 staring
intently at the darkness with her sword at the ready.
They can't sense any other presences.
However, a man is clearly walking toward them through the night.
His shoes click against the hard ground as he strides forward.
He's wearing a suit, and his hair is parted to the sides. His face is
obscured from view by some sort of inorganic mask.
Notably, he's empty-handed.
He isn't holding a single weapon.
When they strain their eyes, though, they can make out the wire that
surrounds him flashing in the moonlight.
It's drifting freely through the air, as if it has a will of its own.
245
"Be careful. He's the one using that steel wire," Number 664 warns
the others as they square off against the wire-user.
There's a man wearing a strange mask surrounded by countless wires
gleaming in the moonlight. The whole scene seems almost
fantastical.
"My name is John Smith. Begone—you don't need to know what lies
beyond yet."
His voice is as artificial as his mask, and it's impossible to get a read
on his emotions.
The steel wire scatters through the night sky.
As it does, it shines under the moonlight.
Number 664 relies on that faint glimmer to dodge the wire as it coils
around.
Its speed doesn't pose much of a problem. The issues lie in how
difficult the wires are to make out, how unpredictable their
movements are, and their sheer quantity.
John Smith has only ten fingers, yet somehow, the number of wires
he's controlling far surpasses that count.
They come rushing in from all directions.
Between the angles and the timing, it's a mean piece of work.
They seem to be predicting Number 664's movements, as they
always seem ready to cut off her escape routes. Then, by limiting the
directions she can dodge, they're functionally controlling where she
can go.
As a result, she can't approach him.
The wires have a longer range than their swords. If they can't get
close, they can't attack.
246
Even knowing that, none of them has been able to close the distance
by even a step since the fight started.
In fact, they seem to be losing ground.
It took the man only a scant few seconds to completely control the
battlefield—and he hasn't taken a single step.
By just manipulating the wires with his ten fingers, he's been able to
send the three women scurrying. They're like puppets, dancing on
his strings.
"Everyone, fall back."
Number 664 issues the order, and the three of them move out of the
wires' range.
As long as they're in John Smith's reach, all they're doing is burning
their own stamina.
However, that doesn't change the fact that they have no way to
attack him.
As they exchange glances, all three of them shake their heads.
This man—he's strong.
They'd been thrown off by his unconventional weapon, but even
taking that into consideration, his ability to control space is
phenomenal.
After all, accurately controlling dozens of wires, predicting the
Numbers' movements, and leading them exactly the way he wanted?
Not many could pull that off.
Number 664 knows plenty of people who are stronger than her.
Number 666, for one, as well as the Numbers' leadership, and the
overwhelmingly powerful Seven Shadows above even them. All of
them are far, far more skilled than she is.
247
But this John Smith is in a different league than any of them.
His power doesn't stem from his magic, his strength, his speed, or
even the technical talent that lets him wield them all.
True, the skill required to manipulate his wires is high. However, the
true nature of his power lies elsewhere.
John Smith's true power...is his ability to control the battlefield.
As a squad leader and as someone who gives orders to two others,
Number 664 can tell. John Smith's skill is born from a profound
ability to envision the battlefield from above and a keen eye for
understanding a fight's progression and predicting its future
developments.
In other words, he's endowed with an incredibly sharp ability to
think battles through.
"What's wrong? Not approaching?"
John Smith still hasn't moved a toe. He's simply standing in place and
gazing down at the three Numbers.
That's how composed he is.
He's confident he can deal with any situation that might arise.
The wires he's deployed under the night sky have completely cut off
their ability to fight back.
One wrong move, and they'll get completely tangled up.
Retreat seems like an increasingly attractive option.
Number 666 will probably object, but Number 664 will just have to
shut her down.
A voice breaks her from her reverie.
"If you won't approach, then I suppose I'll just have to come to you—
***
248
"Wha...?!"
John Smith's finger twitches.
When it does, Number 664 suddenly notices the thin wire wrapped
around her neck.
What?! When did that happen?!
She should be outside of his range right now!
"Nobody ever said the wires were all the same length. And their
thickness varies, too, of course..."
"It can't be—!"
Now that she gets a better look at the wire around her neck, Number
664 can tell just how thin and discreet it is.
The only wires they saw up until then were the ones John Smith let
them see.
"You mean, from the very beginning...?"
"That's right—from the very beginning."
Number 664 has been dancing on the palm of his hand.
She grimaces, and the wire around her neck tightens.
It's filled with incredibly dense magic. All he needs to do is put a little
more strength into it, and her neck will snap like a twig.
"If you're going to kill me, get it over with. I-I'm not telling you
anything." She glares at John Smith.
Number 665 and Number 666 are bound, too. Number 664 braces
herself for the inevitable.
That's when Number 666 makes her move.
She steps forward.
She simply steps forward, faster than John Smith can pull his wire.
249
***
Then, with her entire being devoted solely to speed, she charges at
him.
"Good choice—"
However, his composure remains unbroken.
He simply gives his right hand's fingers a light tug.
"But nobody ever said the wire around your neck was the only one I
laid."
Suddenly, Number 666 tumbles to the ground.
Then, midway through her fall, she comes to an unnatural halt
suspended in the air.
There are countless wires already wrapped around all her limbs.
Then, out of nowhere, the same happens to the other two. They
were bound head to toe from the very start. The moment they failed
to noticed that fact, the battle's outcome was decided.
"Rgh...! Just kill me!" Number 664 moans.
For some reason, however, the man stops at binding them, making
no effort to end their lives.
"This is a warning."
His voice is cold and unfeeling.
"Don't get involved—you don't need to know any more than that for
now."
With that, he casually frees them.
"Akh, akh!" Number 666 glares at John Smith as she coughs.
Number 664 immediately dashes forward.
It's to hold Number 666 down.
250
"That's enough! We're withdrawing."
***
"We can't beat him; surely you realize that! You'll end up dead!"
Number 666 hangs her head in frustration. "I..."
"We have to warn Gamma about him...about John Smith..."
Until they get rid of him, they'll never figure out where the
counterfeits are coming from.
Number 664 stares fixatedly at John Smith as he leaves.
"...And that concludes our report."
Alpha and Gamma listen as Number 664 relays what happened on
their mission.
"—The three of you together couldn't lay a finger on him?"
"That's correct..." Number 664 shakes her head under the weight of
Alpha's gaze.
The day she joined the Shadow Garden, everything about her life
changed.
The world she'd taken for granted was shattered. She lost her friends
and family. But in exchange, she gained both truth and power.
She'd never even held a sword before, yet now she's strong enough
to wipe the floor with just about any dark knight.
That said, there exist people she knows she can never beat.
Alpha, the head of the Seven Shadows, is a prime example of such an
entity.
251
As Number 664 quakes in her boots, Number 666 steps forward from
her side.
"John Smith was incredibly talented, though. His power was on par
with the Seven Sh—"
"Y-you're out of line!!"
Number 664 frantically clamps her hand over Number 666's mouth
before she can say any more.
"Mmmph, but if we could just get another chance to...mmph!"
"Be quiet, 666! I'm the squad captain here!"
As they watch Number 666 trying to keep talking through Number
664's forceful gag, Alpha and Gamma sigh.
"We aren't here to scold you. You did good work out there. That will
be all."
"'Kaaay."
Number 665 responds unenthusiastically, then drags her teammates
away with her as they grapple with each other.
Alpha sinks into her seat, then turns to Gamma. "...So what do you
think?"
"John Smith... He certainly sounds formidable. But I can't think of
anyone in the Cult who matches his description."
"In other words, he's with some other organization... On par with the
Seven Shadows, she said?"
"Who could he possibly be?"
The Seven Shadows is home to all sorts.
Some of its members lack combat prowess, such as Gamma, whereas
others specialize in it, like Delta.
"We should send in Delta."
252
"Delta? ...Yes, I suppose that'd be for the best."
It's hard to picture Delta losing in a straight-up battle.
"John Smith, huh...?"
Alpha's blue eyes narrow.
After gently driving Mitsugoshi's hit women back, I spend my next
few afternoons the same way I always do and my next few nights
acting as an agent under the cover of darkness.
I'm a busy man—touching base with Yukime, protecting the flow of
counterfeits, and stopping anyone who tries to find out where
they're coming from.
Mitsugoshi seems to have their guard up, as they haven't tried
anything since.
Tonight, once again, I lurk in the darkness and protect the carriage
filled with counterfeits.
As it rolls across the evening roads, a silent, barely perceptible
presence approaches it.
—An assassin.
Like I said, though, I can barely sense them.
If that's the case, well...there's only one person I know who can mask
their presence so skillfully.
A little while later, a familiar figure emerges from the darkness.
It's a woman clad in a black bodysuit, her muscles supple and her
movements flexible.
I'd know her anywhere—it's Delta.
253
It makes sense. I drove off that three-woman squad of theirs already,
so now they're sending in the biggest guns they've got.
Unfortunately for them, though, they chose wrong. John Smith fights
with wires, so his style matches up well against hot-blooded
meatheads. Against Delta, all I have to do is tie her down with my
hidden wires and that'll be all she wrote. Oh wait. Her instincts are
crazy sharp, so there's a chance she'll be able to avoid them all on
intuition alone.
Actually, that's totally what's gonna happen.
Wait... Is Delta secretly my worst matchup?
Eh, whatever. Worst comes to worst, I'll just go full tryhard against
her and win the fight that way.
She's probably noticed me by now, so I make my grand appearance.
"My name is John Smith. You go no furth—"
"Boss man, what's up?" She sniffs at the air as she asks the question,
her tail wagging happily.
"My, uh, my name is John Smith. I'm not your Boss m—"
"Boss man! Wanna go hunting?"
"...I'll pass."
It's no use. She has me dead to rights.
I did take a bath and drench myself in perfume before this, but I
guess I underestimated Delta's nose.
I take off my mask and reveal myself.
"Boss man, you're John Smith?"
"Yeah, basically."
"Oh-woof... That means I can't beat John Smith... I gotta go tell
Alpha!"
254
"Hold it!"
As Delta makes to go run off, I grab her by the tail to stop her. Sorry, I
think I pulled a couple tufts of fur loose.
"Yow! Not my tail! No pulling! Pulling bad!"
"Sorry, sorry, sorry. Now, Delta, I need you to listen to me real close.
See, I'm on a confidential secret mission right now."
"What's a confidential secret mission?"
"A confidential secret mission is a mission that's confidential and
secret, so you can't let anyone know about it."
"Wow, cool! I wanna do that, too!"
"No, only I can do this particular mission. But if you tell Alpha about
John Smith, then I'll fail. You know why, right?"
"Nope!"
"Because it won't be a secret anymore, see. So you can't tell anyone
about any of this."
"But Alpha gave me a mission..." Delta's ears droop as she looks at
me.
"It's okay, I have a new mission for you. You remember the Shadow
Garden's rules, right?"
"Nope!"
"The missions I give you take priority over everything else. Even the
ones Alpha gives you."
"Alpha won't get mad?"
"Nah."
Alpha will definitely get mad. I know that.
255
After all, Delta's on an official Mitsugoshi-related mission right now.
Using the bullshit Shadow Garden rules from when we were kids to
overrule it is totally foul play.
Sorry, Delta. When all this is over, I'll help you apologize to Alpha.
"This is for the greater good..."
"The greater good...?"
"Yeah, the greater good."
"The greater good!"
"That's right. Sorry about this, Delta. When you finish your mission,
I'll give you some kind of reward."
"You'll do anything I want?!" Delta's eyes gleam, and her tail starts
wagging excessively.
"I will not. But I promise I'll try, as long as it's something within my
abilities, and as long as it isn't too much work, and as long as it
doesn't cost any money."
"You'll do whatever I say?!"
"Other than those categories I said, sure."
"Hooray! I'll do it!"
"Now, what should I have your mission be? Oh, here we go. If you go
straight that way, you'll eventually hit the Lawless City, and when
you do, there'll be a black tower there. In that tower, there's a guy
named Juggernaut. Now, he's a mean old bandit, so I need you to
hunt him."
"Lawless City. Black tower. Juggernaut. And I can hunt him?"
"Yup, that sounds right."
"Got it! And when I hunt him, you'll do whatever I say!"
256
"With those caveats, yeah. Oh, and we're in no rush here, so make
sure you take your time getting there."
"Lawless City! Black Juggler! Hunting!"
With that, Delta takes off at a dash.
I feel like she didn't get that quite right, but I'm sure it'll be fine.
At the end of the day, I got Delta out of the capital, so we'll chalk
that up as a win. Her acting sucks, so even if I tried to get her to keep
this a secret, I'd be exposed in no time.
This way, it'll take the others a while to track her down and pump
her for info. That works out perfectly for me.
After all, I've decided they can only know the whole truth once all
the dust has settled.
"Delta was tracking John Smith, but she's gone dark."
***
When Alpha hears Gamma's report, she drops her pen and looks
straight at her.
"We also found this at the scene..."
Gamma shows her some scraps of fur from Delta's tail. Sorrow wells
up in Alpha's heart upon seeing they were forcefully ripped out.
Gamma's eyes look cold and steely. However, uncontrollable fury
lurks just below their surface.
"I see... So Delta's been...?"
Upon realizing just how frail her own voice sounds, Alpha takes a
moment to compose herself.
257
She'd been prepared for this.
Someone was always going to fall, eventually. Today just happens to
be that day.
"I can't imagine her abandoning a mission you assigned her. That
idiot... She might not have had much going on upstairs, she might
have been all brawn and no brain, but she always did listen to you,
Alpha..." Gamma's voice trembles.
"It's okay. I know." Alpha tries to comfort her.
The Shadow Garden's missions are fraught with peril, but because of
Delta's combat prowess, she's always the one being asked to handle
the most dangerous ones. Her not coming back almost certainly
means she's dead...
"Continue the search. We have to find her, even if it's just a body..."
"Understood."
Alpha then takes the lock of Delta's fur. After delicately wrapping it
in cloth, she slips it into her cleavage.
Number 666 tried to tell her how dangerous John Smith was. She
shouldn't have sent Delta in alone.
A deep voice wells up from within her throat. "John Smith...!"
"Also, the amount of counterfeits in circulation is continuing to rise.
At this rate, we're bound for a credit crisis..."
"That was his plan from the very beginning," replies Alpha.
"...Huh?"
"John Smith isn't some small-time crook trying to use counterfeits to
make a quick buck. Causing the credit crisis was his goal all along... If
we look at it that way, all the pieces fit into place."
"What...?!"
258
"The credit crisis is a poison that will destroy Mitsugoshi and the
MCA. While we've been fighting, he's been sowing his seeds in the
shadows... And now, he's going to take everything."
"That can't be... You're saying that he saw this all coming from the
get-go?"
"He understood the ingredients for a credit crisis, he noticed the
flaws in the MCA's bills, and he used those two tiny grains of
information to form a flawless plan."
"Is that even possible...?"
"—It is for John Smith."
The sound of Alpha grinding her teeth fills the air.
As the Cult's messenger leaves, Gettan slams his fist against the desk.
"What's the meaning of this?! Our counterfeits haven't been
distributed yet?!"
He checked in with his bosses earlier about the counterfeit situation.
However, they told him that they didn't have anything to do with the
fakes that were currently making the rounds.
In other words, that means some third party is the one massproducing fake bills.
At this rate, the MCA is going to go under way ahead of schedule,
and the Cult will suffer tremendous losses.
"This is unthinkable! Who would dare?!"
More and more counterfeits are pouring in every day, yet they still
have no idea where they're coming from.
259
It's clearly the work of organized crime.
Whoever's doing it must have a mind like a steel trap, a sizable
bankroll, sizable manpower, and intimate knowledge of the
mechanisms behind credit creation...
"Wait...it's so simple..."
Isn't Gettan himself currently locked in battle with an organization
that fulfills all those conditions?
"It's Mitsugoshi!!"
In the event of a credit collapse, Mitsugoshi and the MCA will go
bankrupt in kind. However, there is a way to recover: by preparing
enough funds to weather the bank run.
Mitsugoshi must have realized sooner than anyone just how shoddy
the MCA's bills are.
By manufacturing counterfeits and liquidating them in the
marketplace, they must have been able to raise substantial capital.
They'd seen through Gettan's plan.
They'd seen through everything, and now they're using it against
him.
"Dammit... Cuuurse them!!" Gettan roars.
At this rate, he's quite literally going to lose his head.
The MCA will fall, the Cult will suffer catastrophic losses, and
Mitsugoshi will gain a complete monopoly over the marketplace.
Gettan will be lucky if all the Cult does is kill him.
"It's not too late, I can still make it...! If I can just recover those
funds...!"
According to Garter, there's a man named John Smith protecting the
counterfeits' distribution chain.
260
If Gettan tracks him down, he can still salvage this...
The full moon hangs glimmering over the crisp winter night air.
Beta is with her master, delivering her regular report.
She finishes telling him about the Shadow Garden's activities like
always, then moves on to Mitsugoshi news.
Normally, her report only contains information about the Shadow
Garden. After all, Mitsugoshi's work is only peripheral to this
organization as a whole. There's usually no need for her to waste his
time with trivialities.
At the moment, though, Mitsugoshi is in a major pinch.
Her master seems to have sensed that fact, too.
He normally just nods and says "uh-huh" during her reports, but
now, the air about him changes.
He straightens his posture, takes a notepad out of his pocket, and
begins writing on it as he listens to Beta's report.
Then—
"I see. And?"
***
He's actually saying something other than "uh-huh" during her
regular report. Beta chokes on her words for a moment.
"F-forgive me. As I was saying, the quantity of counterfeits has—"
When her master's gaze sharpens, she feels a tinge of joy.
He's taking this seriously.
261
Her master is a busy man, and he rarely gets involved in Beta and the
others' affairs. He surely has much grander tasks that he's devoting
his time and strength toward.
If he's getting serious now, that means that the situation must be
important enough to warrant it.
The incident with Delta cast a heavy pall over all of the Shadow
Garden.
However, if their master's going to get serious—Beta's sure they'll be
able to overcome anything that stands in their way.
Warmth floods her heart.
"The amount of money in circulation's increased, so the value of
goods has begun rising as well. At the moment, the inflation rate
stands at..."
"I don't quite follow..."
***
Her master just told her that he didn't follow.
Now, he obviously didn't mean it literally. Her master understands
everything, after all. That means he must be suggesting something
else—in other words, there must be some error in her report. He's
asking how it's possible that she made such a boneheaded mistake.
Maybe she got the inflation rate wrong, or maybe there was some
flaw in her underlying logic, but the fact of the matter is that he
noticed her failure in an instant.
"I-I'll go back over my analysis immediately."
She screwed up, and just when her master started taking the issue
seriously, too. Beta's face reddens in shame and vexation.
"I don't follow, but oh well. May as well write it down anyways."
262
"My sincerest apologies."
Her report ends.
However, there's something else she needs to tell him, too.
As she watches her master start to put away his notepad, she speaks
solemnly.
"There is one other thing I need to inform you about today."
"...I'm listening."
Upon seeing the quiet, almost drowsy look in his eyes, Beta realizes
something.
He's already figured out what she's about to tell him. Now that she
thinks about it, it's obvious. In fact, it would be stranger if he didn't
know.
Even so, she still needs to say it.
She needs to tell him that one of their dear comrades died...
It's her duty as one of the people who let it happen.
"Delta was pursuing John Smith when we lost contact with her. Given
the situation, we have no choice but to assume she's..."
Beta's voice is shaking. Delta was a dear teammate of hers. She was a
handful to deal with, sure, but something about her always set Beta's
heart at ease, like an adorable little sister.
"...dead...," she manages to say.
Upon hearing the news, her master cocks his head and thinks for a
moment.
"No, no. She just...went off on a long journey, that's all," he finally
says.
When she hears the gentle euphemism, Beta is unable to hold back
the tears.
263
"You're...you're right. I see now. She's just off on a long journey..."
Tears stream down her cheeks. She's thankful for her master's
awkward kindness.
"We consider John Smith to be a formidable foe. If it's at all possible,
Master Shadow, we'd like to ask for your assistance in dealing with
him..."
"Sorry, but I have business of my own to attend to."
"No, of course. Forgive me for my impertinence."
Her master's already moving along a different course.
No matter what it is, it must be absolutely essential for both
Mitsugoshi and the Shadow Garden as a whole.
"That's all I have for you today... Oh, but before I go..."
Her report's finished, so there's other work she needs to get to, but
there's something she wants to confirm first.
"And, um, forgive me for asking, Master Shadow, but that
notepad..."
"This one?"
"Yes, about that notepad. We actually have a rule about immediately
destroying or encrypting sensitive documents, so..."
She's sure he knows all about that. She just wants to make absolutely
certain.
Her master freezes for a split second, then hands it to her. "Have a
look."
"W-wait, this is...!"
Upon seeing the script written on it, Beta's eyes go wide.
264
"I encoded it in a cipher I made up of the five different languages—
Japanese hiragana script, katakana script, characters, Arabic
numerals, and Romanized Japanese."
"Y-you came up with this all by yourself?!"
"Yup."
The letters scrawled across the page aren't just written randomly.
They're simple yet complex, regular yet chaotic.
Trying to decipher the five intermingled languages would be a
daunting task.
Beta gazes reverently at her master, the man who devised that
whole encryption method solo.
"Um, if it's not too much to ask, would you mind teaching me this
code sometime...?"
"Hmm... It's a bit too early for that."
"I... I see..." Beta slumps her shoulders, crestfallen.
"Now that you mention it, though..."
With that, her master quickly writes something on the pad, then
tears out the page and passes it to Beta.
"What's this...?"
"When you can make out the meaning there, I'll explain it to you—I'll
explain everything."
There's a short passage written on the sheet in the five languages.
"Th-thank you so much!"
Beta carefully slips the scrap of paper between her breasts and
makes a mental note to head to the lab at once to get it analyzed.
265
The MCA has mobilized a huge number of men and sent them
looking for John Smith.
However, they haven't been able to find so much as a trace. Also,
owing to the size of the search party, they've been drawing a whole
lot of unwanted attention.
The existence of counterfeits hasn't been made public, but anyone
with a sharp enough intuition is beginning to notice something's
afoot.
There isn't much time left.
The crisis is almost here.
"Halt right there! We're conducting a search of this carriage."
Deep in the night, a group of men stop a carriage from leaving the
capital.
They belong to the Garter Corporation's private army, and they've
been going after every carriage that looks even slightly suspicious.
Now, they don't have permission to do so, and their actions have no
legal basis behind them. However, most merchants wouldn't dare
cross the MCA, so they have no choice but to comply with the
investigation.
Just like the others, the carriage complies and comes to a stop.
The Garter men reach up and violently grab at the vehicle's curtains.
"...I wouldn't do that if I were you."
"What?"
Hearing a deep voice from somewhere, the soldiers stop and look
around.
266
"You'll regret it."
"Hah, bite me."
Scoffing at the warning, one of the soldiers throws open the curtain.
He sees a mountain of gold coins inside—and his head immediately
goes flying off.
"Wha...?"
"I told you you'd regret it."
With a spray of blood, the beheaded soldier crumples to the ground.
A masked man wearing a black suit appears from behind him.
"Wh-who the hell are you?!"
The rest of the soldiers surround him and draw their swords.
"My name is John Smith. I am the man who destroys it all and starts
from scratch—"
"I-it's John Smith! Don't move, you, just drop your weapon..."
Several fine threads shine in the moonlight.
However, nobody notices their glimmer.
Their heads go flying off in unison.
Knowing nothing and noticing nothing, their lives instantly end.
As their blood rains down on the surroundings, the gold coin–laden
carriage starts moving again.
It gradually accelerates and vanishes into the distance, leaving only
John Smith and the corpses behind.
He jerks his fingers as though playing the piano, and the myriad
threads extending from them twitch in turn.
He calls out to the empty air.
267
"—I know you're there."
His steel wires slice through the darkness.
Something stirs.
The next moment, a woman clad in a black bodysuit emerges from
the seemingly empty gloom. A mask covers her face, but her blue
eyes are visible beneath it.
She's Alpha, the Shadow Garden's most powerful slayer—and she's
here for revenge.
"Hello, John Smith."
Her voice has the beautiful tenor of a bell ringing. Her platinum
blond hair flashes in the moonlight as she bows.
"And—good-bye."
Without pause, her ebony sword cleaves toward him...but even
though it slices straight through him, there's no tactile response.
"—That was an afterimage."
Hearing his voice behind her, Alpha whirls around.
John Smith is standing there, unharmed.
She levels a frigid gaze his way as she readies her sword again.
She's fighting a foe that was powerful enough to put Delta down. She
came in knowing he'd be strong. However, the skill he showed in
that last exchange far exceeded her expectations.
"Moving at high speeds by compressing magical energy... That
requires incredibly precise control and magic circuits able to
withstand a tremendous burden. How did you learn to move like
that?"
John Smith offers no answer. His fingers twitch, and countless white
lines whiz through the darkness.
268
—Steel wire.
This corroborates Number 664's report. Alpha calmly analyzes their
movements and looks for the real ones lurking among them.
Twing—a small noise echoes out as the thin wires are sliced in twain
in midair.
"You hide your real, thinner wires in among decoys... I already know
your tricks."
"Oh...?"
Alpha makes her move.
After closing the distance in an instant, she slices at John Smith with
her black blade. The attack is aimed straight at his throat, and the
timing is such that it should be impossible to dodge.
With the smallest tilt of his head, however, John Smith manages to
do just that.
***
Alpha's movements...stop.
Her eyes go wide, and John Smith's wires bear down on her.
"This...can't be..."
Alpha watches the wires, slices them away with her sword, then goes
in for a counterattack in the space between their strikes.
It's fast and nimble—the perfect slash.
This time, there's no way anyone could avoid it.
And yet...
"But why...?"
John Smith's dodge is just as perfect as the last.
269
The sword's aim is unerring until the last possible moment. It
practically slides over his skin. That technique, where he uses the
smallest possible movements to dodge—
Alpha puts a wide gap between them, effectively abandoning combat
altogether.
"What are you doing here...?"
She takes off her mask. Her beautiful elvish face comes into view.
"Why are you...?"
Her eyes flash with certainty.
"...Shadow..."
John Smith meets her gaze for a moment, then takes off his mask in
turn.
"I've abandoned that name..."
His face is one she knows all too well.
"What do you mean, you've 'abandoned' it?"
"Exactly what I said. I'm John Smith now. Nothing more, nothing
less."
"But why are you John Smith...?" Alpha's voice sounds almost
desperate.
"Because it was the best option..."
"The best option for what...? That isn't enough to understand what's
going on."
"You'll know once this is all over."
"And what about Delta? What did you do with her...?"
"Delta's off on a long journey..."
"That doesn't tell me anything..."
270
Alpha's anguished cry echoes through the night as the force of her
overflowing magic shakes the air.
"I'm dumb, so I don't understand all the things you do. I'm weak, so I
can't do all the things you can. But still, even so... I want to
understand, so I can support you. You saved me, saved all of us, so I
want to do whatever it is I can to help."
Alpha's voice becomes quiet.
"But you're always going forward on your own, leaving us just gazing
at your back..."
She squeezes her sword tightly as she looks down.
"Do you not need us anymore...?"
Tears start dripping from her sapphire eyes.
"I'm doing what needs to be done," John Smith replies.
***
The raging magic swirls down and coalesces on Alpha.
"I...I'm not just going to be a burden forever."
And with that—she vanishes.
Surprise makes its way across John Smith's face for the first time.
Her raging magic, her ebony sword, her body—every proof that she
was ever there has completely disappeared.
All that's left is a red mist.
Then Alpha appears out of the fog and tries to rip into John Smith
from behind.
Her blade is a dark red.
John Smith whirls around and tries to dodge with the smallest
movements possible.
271
Just like always.
***
A thin wound carves its way across John Smith's cheek.
Without any warning, the dark crimson blade extends.
Alpha vanishes, and the red mist blankets their surroundings once
more.
Another slice flies out of the mist.
It tears John Smith's suit, lightly splattering his shirt with blood.
By the time he's ready to strike back with his wires, Alpha's body has
already transformed back into fog.
An instant later, she attacks him again from behind.
The speed at which she emerges from the mist and the speed she
turns back into it are both incredible.
Her one-sided attacks seem to defy the concept of space, and her
unfair defense bends the laws of physics.
She vanishes, then appears.
Appears, then vanishes.
The slashes bear down on John Smith without pause, and his suit is
ripped to shreds. By manipulating his wires and relying on threedimensional movement, he's able to avoid suffering any lethal
wounds.
However, the fact that he uses wires to keep his distance matches up
terribly against Alpha's ability to override the concept of space
altogether.
"—Ngh!"
His suit suffers another tear.
272
It seems the red mist doubles as a sensory organ of some sort, as
Alpha's able to completely sense the wires' movements.
It looks as though John Smith has no cards left to play.
Alpha's voice comes out from somewhere in the mist. "I'm not just a
burden anymore. I'm strong enough to support you, to understand
you... So please, I'm begging you..."
"Mistform, huh...? It's an interesting technique, but it's lacking in
mass."
As the words leave his mouth, his ebony sword materializes in his
hand.
Devastating quantities of magic gather around it.
"If I blow it all away, you'll be helpless."
He swings his sword in a wide arc.
The released magic and wind-force combine into a massive tornado.
"This can't be—"
The mist disappears, and Alpha reemerges.
"Good choice. If you'd stayed as mist, it could have ended poorly for
you."
Alpha looks up and sees that all the mist above them has been
completely blown away.
She also sees a merciless strike bearing down on her.
"You've become strong."
The ebony blade crashes into her.
"Ah..."
The force of the blow causes her to start losing consciousness.
"—Don't worry, I hit you with the flat side."
273
His footsteps start to withdraw.
"Once all this is over, you'll realize this was for the best..."
Despite her rapidly fading consciousness, she frantically tries to
reach out.
"Please... Wait..."
However, he doesn't stop.
Little by little, slowly but surely, he's growing distant.
"I'm begging you... Don't leave me..."
Her voice doesn't reach him.
274
275
276
Epilogue
The One to Destroy It All and Start from Scratch—
with Fake Bills!
The day is finally here.
The underground facility that once served as the counterfeit factory
has shut down. Only a few employees remain, and all of them are
working on teardown.
The factory has served its purpose.
"Mr. John, please take a look at this..."
As John Smith, I do as Yukime says and open the large iron door.
Inside, I find a mound of gold coins piled all the way up to the ceiling.
"It's magnificent..."
"We've liquidated almost all of the counterfeits. Satisfactory, no?"
The room at the bottom of the facility, which was once a prison used
to confine my sister, has been transformed into a massive vault.
My heart sings upon seeing the nigh-uncountable mountain of
glittering coins.
Nobody's found us yet.
Mitsugoshi and the MCA seem to have made it as far as the Lawless
City, but I've been playing hooky at school so I can spend 24-7
keeping them from getting any closer.
Now that we're done, there won't be anything linking the Lawless
City to our location.
277
"Now all we must do is liquidate the real MCA bills I've prepared and
the deed will be done. The MCA has nowhere near enough funds to
make the exchange, so the credit crisis shall begin."
As Yukime was trading the counterfeits for gold, she was also
stockpiling authentic bills.
Once we trade them in, the MCA will go bankrupt.
After all, they'll be out of reserves. When people find out about that,
they'll go nuts.
"That it will. The amount of money in circulation's increased, so the
value of goods has begun rising as well. At the moment, the inflation
rate stands at..."
I rattle off the numbers Beta told me. The goal is to impress Yukime
with how knowledgeable and good at gathering information I am.
"To think, Mr. John, that you investigated it to that extent..."
"Heh... Child's play."
"Once more I find myself verily glad to have joined forces with you.
Without you, this plan could never have come to fruition."
"Hey, it wasn't all me. You did good work, too."
Yukime grins. "You flatter me."
We extend our hands at the same time and exchange a firm
handshake.
"Now then, let us put this to rest. Would you be so kind as to patrol
the area between here and the Lawless City?"
"Consider it done," I tell her.
"In the meantime, I shall go exchange the real bills."
"—Huh?"
That doesn't sound right.
278
"What reason is there for you to go in person?"
Surely it would be smarter for her to send someone else in her place.
"There is...meaning to the act." Yukime averts her gaze.
Ah, I get it.
Well, I guess everyone has their own personal aesthetic they like to
adhere to.
"Perhaps it's time for you to hear my tale..."
And with that, Yukime starts narrating.
"Earlier, I told you the story of my mother and me. But that was not
where the tale ends. When my mother went out to hunt, our village
was attacked by a hostile tribe. Besides my three-tailed mother,
most of the villagers had no ability to fight, so they fled. I hid under
my bed, trembling. But my door was soon kicked down, and a group
of men came into the room I was hiding in. They dragged me out,
and oh, the vulgarity in their eyes... The moment I thought I was
done for, another man came crashing through the window and cut
the cruel men down. The man, who had sleek black ears and tail, was
part of the reinforcement from our allies the Great Wolf clan. He
introduced himself as Gettan, then held me tight to quell my fear. I
was fourteen at the time, and he was seventeen..."
Yukime's clear eyes seem to gaze off into the past.
Gettan was Yukime's first love.
After the attack, the Great Wolf clan helped rebuild her village.
279
At the time, the great hero Shiva had just fallen, and the
therianthrope lands were rife with conflict. The stronger clans were
terrorizing the weaker ones, seeking power in order to succeed
Shiva.
Owing to the circumstances, it was only natural for people to want to
form alliances to solidify their positions.
As a result, it was decided that Yukime, daughter of the village's sole
three-tail, and Gettan, son of the Great Wolves' patriarch, were to be
married.
Given her admiration for Gettan, Yukime agreed in a heartbeat. Her
mother approved of him as well, in part because he'd saved Yukime's
life, and Gettan held a great deal of affection for the fair girl, too.
Although everyone gave the betrothal their blessing, the formal
marriage was postponed until Yukime turned of age at fifteen.
Until they were officially married, they weren't able to live together.
Despite their living in different villages, however, Gettan came to
visit Yukime all the time. The days they spent together were
irreplaceable treasures for them both.
They were the happiest days of Yukime's life, and although she was
looking forward to the wedding, she also wanted them to go on
forever.
But peace has a short shelf life.
There was a conflict between the major nearby tribes, and the Spirit
Foxes and the Great Wolves got wrapped up in the conflict.
Yukime and the others were all forced to choose a side.
Whoever they allied themselves with would forcibly conscript them,
and whoever they made enemies with would retaliate. There were
no good options. The Spirit Foxes and the Great Wolves talked it out
among themselves, then came to a solution.
280
They would make neither allies nor enemies of any of them.
Their decision to fence-sit was made at the last possible moment.
However, it was a foolish choice, one that utterly failed to take into
account the cruelty of war.
The Great Wolves were blessed with strength.
The Spirit Foxes were blessed with wisdom.
They'd thought that by joining forces, they could ride out the war.
Reality, however, was not so kind.
Both the Spirit Fox and the Great Wolf villages were annihilated in a
single night.
The ground was wet with blood as they burned.
Gettan, the Great Wolves' strongest soldier, fought valiantly. In the
end, all he was able to accomplish was escaping together with his
fiancée.
As the morning sun rose, the two of them stared out over their
blackened villages.
"If only I was stronger..."
"Gettan..."
Gettan hung his head, his body covered in wounds. Yukime nestled
close to him.
"All I needed was power, and they wouldn't have been able to take
everything from us!"
"It wasn't your fault."
"Shut up!"
Yukime's fox ears drooped and quivered at Gettan's enraged cry.
"...Sorry."
281
"It's okay..." Gettan continued hanging his head as he spoke. "I made
a proposal to the others. I told them that with this power, we'd be
able to ride out the war without having to ally ourselves with either
side..."
As he spoke, he pulled out a pill as red as blood.
"By taking these, we could have become powerful. We could have
survived the war. But that damn woman rejected my proposal!
Because of her, nobody took the drug!"
Gettan tried to stifle his laughter, and Yukime took a step back.
"...I should have killed her back at the start."
"Gettan...?"
"I was the one who killed your mom."
"Wh-what are you talking about?"
Yukime's mother had gone missing as soon as the attack had begun.
Yukime was sure she was still alive somewhere.
"All of this is her fault. If we'd just taken the pills and accepted the
Cult's protection, we all could have survived."
"The Cult...? Hey, Gettan, I'm a little slow, so I'm not really sure what
you're talking about, but...you were joking just now, right?"
"Like hell I was. I snuck up behind her and chopped her head clean
off! If it weren't for that wench—!"
"Gettan, don't tell me you're serious..." Yukime took another step
backward.
"If I wanted to protect you and the village from the war, I didn't have
any other choice."
"N-no! No! Stay away..."
"What's wrong? C'mon, let's go get our revenge."
282
Gettan offered Yukime a red pill.
"You have to take one, too. The only way to protect what's yours is
to take from others. Now, seize this power so we can go slaughter
the bastards who did this!"
"No! Stay away from me!!" Yukime finally turned around and began
running.
"You're gonna reject me, too?!"
Something smashed into Yukime's back.
Then she collapsed facedown. Blood gushed from the sword wounds
on her back.
"Don't reject power."
"G-Gettan... Why...?"
"Revenge isn't something to be afraid of. If you don't steal from
others, they'll just steal from you."
"N-no... Please stop..."
"You're still rejecting me!"
As Yukime tried to crawl away, Gettan brought his sword down on
her over and over.
Each individual wound was shallow, but together they brutally
shredded her back. Then he planted his foot atop the cuts and
whispered in Yukime's ear as she writhed in agony.
"C'mon, Yukime. Take the pill so we can have our revenge together."
"No..."
As the pain caused her consciousness to fade, she heard a strange
voice.
"Yahoo! Gimme all your money!!"
283
The voice itself was young and ungainly, in stark contrast to the
violence in its words. She must have just been hallucinating or
something.
Then she passed out.
When she came to, it was night.
Her back felt strange. When she reached up and felt it, she found the
bleeding had all stopped. There were probably scars, but it didn't
hurt anymore.
She didn't see Gettan anywhere. For whatever reason, though, she
saw blood and his fur scattered about her surroundings.
Yukime then went back to look for her mother's body. For some
reason, her village was littered with the corpses of its attackers.
It didn't take her long to find her mother's body and severed head.
Its eyes were wide with shock, and the three fluffy tails Yukime had
loved so much were all burned to a crisp.
"Mother...!"
Her mom had been killed.
Her friends and neighbors had been slaughtered, too.
Her village had been burned to the ground.
Their money had been stolen.
And finally, her beloved fiancé had become her bitter enemy.
"Sniff... Sob..."
As hot tears rolled down her cheeks, she burned the sight of her dear
mother and her destroyed hometown into her mind.
She bit her lip.
284
Everything had been taken from her. All she had left was a single
bitter enemy.
However, even surviving was a tough task for a fourteen-year-old
with no money, power, or relatives. She spent her days traveling
from place to place as a battlefield prostitute.
By the time she turned seventeen, she owned the brothel she'd been
selling her body at.
She had money. Next, she wanted power.
Having had everything taken from her, she vowed to take everything
from that enemy of hers in turn—
It looks like Yukime's done with her story.
I feel like I was part of a similar situation once, so I got distracted at
about the halfway mark.
"I suspect you've had an inkling, Mr. John. You knew I had no interest
in the companies or the money. My sole aim was to take everything
from Gettan. His money. His power. And then, his life. Everything
he's worked so hard to build. And to do that, I needed a company's
power, as well as your help... But I had to deceive you, and for that, I
beg your forgiveness."
"I see..."
Nope, my memory is failing me.
"I will settle the score with Gettan. I ask that you please believe in
me and wait for my return."
Yukime smiles and stands.
285
There's no use racking my brain over stuff I can't remember, so I may
as well get to work.
"I should get going," I say.
"Allow me to accompany you to the exit."
The two of us leave the room together.
The afternoon sky is pleasantly clear. As the gentle winter sunlight
streams in through the windows, a furious voice echoes through the
Garter Corporation headquarters.
"Why exactly are you having so much trouble locating John Smith?!"
President Garter hangs his head as Gettan slams his fist into the desk
and screams at him.
"W-well, you see, we followed his tracks as far as the Lawless City,
but any investigation in the Lawless City is incredibly risky, and we
keep losing contact with the investigators..." Garter murmurs his
excuses.
"Can't you see we're out of time?! Rumors about the counterfeits
are already starting to circulate around the capital!!"
"Well, um, yes, about that... There's been an increase in people
exchanging their bills for gold..."
"Tch, it's too fast!"
"A huge liquidation request came in this morning, and we've only
been getting more...! The other company presidents are saying this
isn't what you promised... Th-they're asking if it would be possible to
shut down exchanges..."
286
"Idiots, the lot of them! Go silence them! If we did that, word would
spread like wildfire, and hordes of people would come breaking
down our doors!!"
"B-but at this rate, our reserves won't hold out...!"
"I know that, dammit!!" Gettan slams his fist onto the desk again.
"Eek—!!"
The sturdy wooden desk splinters. Small shards fly into the air and
scratch up Garter's face.
Gettan bares his canines, then glares out the window with his
blocked eyes.
"...A huge liquidation order came in this morning, you said?"
"Y-yes, sir."
"That's fishy... No one would have reacted that quickly. Look into
who made it."
"Y-yes, sir!"
As Garter runs off, Gettan covers his eyes with his hand.
His empty sockets throb with pain, almost as though his missing eyes
were still there. Whenever that happens, he knows something
related to his past is afoot.
"It can't be... No, there's no way..."
He presses his hand over his eyelids for a little while longer as he digs
through his memories.
The Seven Shadows decide to keep the fact that John Smith is
Shadow just to themselves.
287
Their rationale is that if the troops knew, it would strike a harsh blow
to morale.
"It was probably the right decision," thinks Gamma as she looks over
Alpha's gloomy visage.
The hearth crackles.
"He exists in a realm nobody else could possibly hope to reach..."
"Alpha..."
"That's why he doesn't need me anymore..."
"That's not true."
They've had this exact conversation several times now.
Alpha's sunken into the depths of despair. She's in no state to lead
the Shadow Garden right now.
At the moment, Gamma's the only one who can take the reins.
However, no amount of makeup can hide Gamma's sallow cheeks or
the dark circles under her eyes. She's close to her limit, too.
Even so, there's something she needs to report.
She steels herself, then speaks.
"The MCA's begun going bankrupt. Crowds of people have been
trading in their bills since this morning. And it's probably only going
to get worse tomorrow..."
"I see..."
"We don't have it as bad as they do, but Mitsugoshi is seeing an
uptick in people making exchanges, too. Their ranks will likely swell
tomorrow, and when the MCA goes bankrupt, all hell will break
loose."
"I see..."
288
Alpha listens to Gamma's report with a vacant look on her face.
Finally, she responds with a brief question.
"Can we weather the storm?" she asks.
Gamma looks at her face, wavers for a moment, then decides to rip
off the bandage.
"...Not with our reserves."
That's the simple truth of it.
Gamma and the others have been frantically raising funds in
preparation for the MCA's collapse.
However, even though they've been gathering gold from around the
globe, it's nowhere near the amount their credit creation practices
generated.
"I see..."
Alpha smiles.
It's a forlorn smile, and when Gamma sees it, tears well up in her
eyes.
"I'm sure we'll be fine. When the people see the mountains of gold
we've prepared, I'm certain it'll set their hearts at ease..."
"That's enough."
When the masses see the MCA go under, they'll know there's no
guarantee the damage will stop there.
Gamma and Alpha are both all too aware of that fact.
"That's...that's enough..."
"Alpha..."
Alpha looks at Gamma, the heartbroken smile plastered across her
face unchanged.
289
"He's the one who decided to circulate the counterfeits and cause
the credit crisis. He's the one who wanted to cast us aside..."
"Th-that's not true! Master Shadow would never abandon—"
"We just weren't strong enough to live up to his expectations... And
this is our punishment."
"That's not... That..."
She wants to say, "That can't be true," but the words won't come
out.
Their lord's combat prowess, creativity, and ingenuity are all leagues
above theirs. Even after being given the perfect environment and
unbridled knowledge, none of them has been able to reach his ranks.
And now, their master's given up on them.
"Th...that..."
Gamma goes weak in the knees. She crumples down onto the sofa.
In contrast, Alpha rises to her feet. Her eyes burn, both from the
glare of the fireplace and her newfound determination.
"If this is what he wants, then it's our job to fulfill his wishes. I took
an oath... I said that if he wanted me to, I would even die... It was the
first promise I ever made to him."
"Alpha..."
Then, an interruption.
"Pardon me."
The dark-brown-haired girl, Nu, bows as she enters the room.
"We've received new information. Gettan, the MCA's de facto
leader, is without a doubt connected to the Cult."
"Go figure," remarks Gamma.
290
However, finding that out now isn't going to do them any good.
"He'd been coordinating with the Cult to bring down Mitsugoshi."
"What was his plan?"
"It was...to introduce counterfeits into circulation and cause a credit
crisis."
"Ah... I see." Gamma looks up at the ceiling.
He got them good.
Nobody knew Mitsugoshi was a Shadow Garden front, so she hadn't
expected the Cult to be willing to go to such suicidal lengths to take
them down.
After all, sacrificing the MCA just to take Mitsugoshi down with
them?
Even though it worked, surely the price was too steep.
Who would have thought they regarded Mitsugoshi as such a
threat...? Gamma had overlooked the possibility.
"So in the end, the Cult successfully did us in, huh?"
"No, not quite... The Cult hasn't actually put their plan into motion
yet."
"Wait, but that doesn't make any—"
Gamma feels as though the puzzle pieces are rearranging themselves
in her mind.
Another interruption.
"Alpha!"
Beta comes barreling into the room without so much as a knock.
She's holding a sheet of paper in her hand.
291
"Over at the lab, Eta decoded the encrypted message Master
Shadow left us!"
Eta, the seventh member of the Seven Shadows, specializes in
research. When Beta's master gave her the encoded message, Eta
was the one she'd entrusted deciphering it to.
"Look here!"
Alpha takes the proffered document. Light returns to her eyes as
they trace over it.
"Alpha...?"
She responds to Gamma's puzzled voice by flashing her a broad
smile.
A tear rolls down her cheek, but it's a tear of joy.
"He didn't abandon us after all..."
Upon hearing that, Gamma takes the page and reads it over.
"Th-this means—!"
The astonishing truth is laid out in Eta's handwriting.
"Sorry, but I have to betray you all. A partner and I are
manufacturing counterfeits and using them to collect gold. We're
squirreling away all the money in the old facility we saved my sister
from back when we were kids. I know you all might resent me for
this, but I believe every choice I made was for the best."
Before she realizes it, Gamma is crying, too. The puzzle in her mind's
taken on a form that she hadn't dared imagine possible.
Alpha, Gamma, and Beta—all of them are beaming as the tears
stream down their faces.
"Master Shadow set this all up for us," says Beta, her voice full of
reverence.
292
"So he's been looking at the bigger picture... Who knew anyone
could see so far?" Alpha's voice is thick with emotion.
Gamma's sounds relieved. "He saw through it all and made the best
possible choice... An act truly befitting the man."
"He realized the Cult's plan sooner than anyone else."
"Then he used it against them. By making his own counterfeits
before the Cult could act, he was able to amass a shocking amount of
capital."
"With that gold, Mitsugoshi will be able to survive the credit crisis."
"When that happens, the Cult will have lost the MCA. They'll be the
sole losers."
"The Cult picked a fight with the wrong man. Master Shadow's
understanding of money creation was what made his plan possible."
"He understood how dangerous a credit crisis could be, and he came
up with a bold, efficient method of raising funds... A class act all
around."
"We didn't want to reveal the link between Mitsugoshi and the
Shadow Garden, so our hands were tied. That's why he had to work
behind the scenes."
"And that explains why he had to hide his identity, too—to remove
the link between him and us. Now nobody has any clue that there's a
connection between the corporation and the counterfeits."
"He even went so far as to set up his factory somewhere we were
familiar with, then told us where the vault was."
"In other words, he's telling us that all we have to do is pick up the
gold."
Everyone breathes a deep sigh of relief.
293
"It's just like he told me. 'Once all this is over, you'll realize this was
for the best.'"
"To fool your enemies, first fool your friends... That's what he was
doing all along."
"A perfect plan formed on a foundation of subtlety and precise
calculation... That's Master Shadow for you. But what about Delta?"
Gamma's voice is still a little worried, but Alpha's eyes are filled with
conviction.
"It's Delta we're talking about. I'm sure we don't have anything to
worry about."
Suddenly, they hear a sound from outside.
Then the window slowly creeks open as Delta sheepishly lets herself
in.
"—See?"
Gamma's face flushes with joy. "Delta?! Oh, thank goodness..."
"Oh-woof... Alpha... I was on a confidential secret mission, see... So..."
Delta waits timidly for Alpha's reaction.
"Don't worry, I know. He had a job for you, right?"
Delta's face immediately brightens. Her head bobs up and down as
she nods.
"There was a black Juggler, and I...! Oh, it's a confidential secret
mission, so I can't tell you..."
"Come on now, Delta, speak properly. Calling it a 'confidential secret
mission' is redundant."
"B-but that's what Boss man said...!"
"Don't be silly, of course he didn't. Still, I'm so glad you're okay..."
294
Delta seems to still have something she wants to say, but Alpha just
strokes her head and squeezes her tight.
Gamma and Beta hug Delta as well, and they all wipe their tears
away with a smile.
"He's done so much for us already. We need to handle the rest
ourselves. Let's go collect the gold he prepared for us."
"Got it!
"Sound like a plan!"
"Woof!"
And that night, the Shadow Garden makes their move.
I conduct a thorough sweep of the route to the Lawless City, then
return to the underground base.
Yukime should be getting back soon.
When she does, it'll probably be atop a cart laden with cash.
Afterward, we can grab our gold from the underground vault and
bail. At that point, all there'll be left to do is leisurely watch over the
credit crisis from on high.
I mean, just picture it. John Smith, standing atop a high-rise hotel and
gazing down at the capital with his arms crossed. All according to
plan. The crisis has begun..., I'll murmur. Then I'll take a sip of some
expensive wine, glance at the mountain of coins atop the table to my
side, and grin meaningfully.
How cool is that?
I picture the scene as I walk through the facility's corridors.
295
It seems oddly quiet here.
All the assembly-line workers left, but there should still be some
guards around.
Maybe they all dozed off because of how peaceful things are around
here. You can hardly blame 'em. I worked my butt off making sure
nobody could find us here, after all.
"Heh-heh-heh..."
I flash my pearly whites as I continue strolling. Finally, I stop in front
of the vault.
"Huh...?"
Wait, why's the door open...?
It doesn't look like anyone unlocked it, either. It looks like it was
forcibly broken down...
"No! There's no way..."
My patrols were perfect.
Not even a mouse could have made it here from the Lawless City.
My legs shake.
My hands tremble.
I break out into a cold sweat.
"Nooooooo, no-no-no-no-no-no-no. It's gonna be fine, it's gonna be
fine..."
I peer inside the half-open vault.
It's...completely empty.
That massive pile of gold has vanished without a trace.
"You're kidding..."
296
My knees go weak, and I collapse to the ground where I'm standing.
"How could this happen...?"
All my gold...
"Ha... Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Surely, this is all just a bad dream..."
I reach up with my trembling hands and re-part my disheveled hair.
Then I stand.
It's all gonna be fine.
Maybe Yukime had some reason why she had to move it.
Also, even if it was stolen, it'd take a while to make off with all that
gold. Unless they're crazy prepared, they can't have gone far.
I step out of the vault, knees still rattling.
Then, sensing two presences approaching, I feign composure.
"—Mr. John!!"
Two sexy women call out my name.
It's Yukime's attendants, Natsu and Kana.
Trust me, guys, I already know something happened. Something
definitely happened. It's pretty obvious—the goddamn vault's been
cleaned out, after all.
"It's Yukime—she's disappeared! It must have been Gettan!"
"Wh...What...?"
Yukime...plus...Gettan...I see!
I laugh as everything becomes clear to me.
"Mr. John...?"
"Ah, so that's how it is..."
297
Natsu and Kana seem confused, so I open the vault door up and
show them what isn't inside.
Their eyes go wide in shock.
"Th-that's—!"
"D-did he do this—?! But there's no way he could act that fast..."
"Do you two know where he is?"
"Y-yes...!"
"Then we're fine. I'll get 'em back."
I stride between the two of them, letting my magic leak out so the air
vibrates.
"Wh-what's with this incredible magic?!"
"I-is this John Smith's true power?!"
I follow up by making my steel wires go whoosh, whoosh, whoosh.
They leave elegant arcs of light in their wake as they slice through
the air.
"Gettan... You pissed off the wrong guy...!"
Now then, time for revenge—
A little time passes—
Snow starts falling onto the capital right around when the sun makes
its descent past the horizon. As the shadows gradually overtake the
world's vermilion hue, the snowfall picks up in intensity.
A lone Spirit Fox stands still and gazes toward the capital's skyline as
she stands atop a distant plain.
298
She exhales a cloudy breath, waiting for something with a
melancholy look in her eyes.
A little while after the sun sinks fully from view, someone
approaches her from behind.
"Was this all your doing, Yukime...?!"
The snow's begun piling up and dampening the night's sounds. As a
result, the furious bellow carries well.
Yukime turns toward the eyeless, jet-black therianthrope.
"Gettan... You have no idea how long I've waited for this day."
"So you and John Smith were working together...! Is this your idea of
revenge?!"
Gettan's face is contorted with rage, a stark contrast to Yukime's
calm demeanor.
"It's over for you. Accept your fate..."
"No—not yet. If I take back the money you two stole, I can still fix
this!!"
Gettan unsheathes his sword. It's almost as long as he is tall.
"Gettan..." Yukime draws her fans. "Alas, I'm not the little girl you
once knew anymore."
The ground is piled high with pristine snow.
The pearly moon gleams overhead, accompanied by a host of stars.
With the beautiful black-and-white night as a backdrop, the blade
and fans meet.
A burst of white snow flies into the air, accompanied by a shower of
blood.
Vivid patches of red stain the blank snowy canvas.
299
"This... This can't be...!"
Gettan drops to one knee. When he looks up at Yukime, his
eyebrows rise.
At some point, Yukime's body transformed.
Her nine silvery tails have grown even thicker and longer, and those
eyes of hers that looked like pools of still water are now bloodred.
Even without his vision, Gettan can make out the dense magical
energy she's mantled in.
"This is the true form of us Spirit Foxes... You cannot defeat me."
"So the legends are true... If you had that kind of power... If I had that
kind of power, I wouldn't have everything taken from me—!!"
Yukime responds to the raw hatred in Gettan's expression with a sad
smile.
"Gettan... What changed you so? Surely, you were not always like
this."
"Shut up!!"
"It's over, Gettan." Yukime presses her fans against his throat.
When he feels the cold steel, his expression freezes.
"Yukime—!"
She looks down at him, fans still held firmly in place.
Her face is tinged with nostalgia, as though she's remembering
events from days gone by.
Neither of them so much as twitches. It's as if time itself is standing
still.
The only movement is that of the snow slowly piling up.
300
Finally, Yukime lowers her fans. Her eyes and nine tails return to
their original states.
"What are you playing at...?"
"My revenge is now complete."
"Complete...you say?"
"I know not what it is that made you this way. But for all the sins
you've committed, the fact that you once saved my village and my
life remains unchanged... Sins do not erase good deeds, nor do good
deeds erase sins. I choose to believe that the Gettan who saved me
that day still resides somewhere inside you..."
Yukime turns and begins walking away across the snowy plain.
"Good-bye, Gettan..."
He watches her leave with his closed eyes and glares at her.
"I don't need...your pity..."
However, his resentment doesn't reach her.
He pops a red pill into his mouth. His wounds rapidly heal, and
then—
"...Ah—"
A flower of blood blooms atop the snow.
"How much of a mockery do you plan to make of me...?"
"Get...tan..."
Run through by his blade, Yukime crumples to the cold ground.
As her consciousness starts to fade, tears roll down her cheeks.
"Mr....John...forgive me..."
As she weeps, a fierce gust of wind blows, kicking up the lightly
powdered snow. A dark figure appears.
301
"—?! Who's there?!"
A man appears out of the darkness of night and alabaster flurry.
The powdered snow dances around him as his steel wires slice
through the air.
"—I believe you've taken something very important from me."
The man striding forward is clad in a black suit, his face concealed
beneath a mask—it's John Smith.
"Mr. John..."
Yukime calls out his name, although it causes her pain to do so. For
some reason, seeing John like this feels deeply nostalgic.
"So it's John Smith. You claim that I stole from you...but you took
from me first!"
Gettan's closed eyes glare at John Smith.
"I'm only here to take back what you stole," replies John Smith.
"Nothing more."
"What I took? Heh, good luck with that."
"I won't need luck."
"You insolent little... You know, I have something I need to take back,
too. A little something that you two stole from me!"
Gettan readies his longsword.
"What are you talking about?"
"It's so typical of a lowlife to play dumb..." Gettan clicks his tongue.
"This is a waste of my breath."
"And of my time."
John Smith deploys his wires.
302
The two of them glare at each other, their gazes dripping with
hatred, and then—
***
—the violent clash begins.
Gettan's longsword arcs toward him. However, his enemy doesn't so
much as attempt to dodge.
The blade plows toward his neck, then comes to an abrupt stop in
midair.
"Eh—what?!"
Surprised by his sword's sudden halt, Gettan pulls it back.
John Smith calmly watches him, then murmurs, "You did something
just now..."
Gettan clicks his tongue in annoyance. "You think you're so clever...
Stopping my sword by running magic through those thin strings of
yours."
"...Oh?"
"There are things I've lost, but there are things I've gained in their
place, as well. When I lost my ability to see, I quickly gained the
ability to use magic to sense the space around me."
Gettan's magic is spread out over the entire area.
"That means I can see them! I can see each and every one of your
flimsy little threads!! True, I was surprised at how skillfully you
manipulated them. But in the end—"
Gettan's lips curl into a wicked grin.
"—you picked a bad man to make an enemy of, John Smith!!"
303
He slashes at John Smith again. John Smith successfully deals with
the blade by dodging backward, but his wires can't so much as graze
Gettan.
"It's no use!! I told you, I can see everything!!"
304
305
John Smith falls back. Gettan presses forward.
Yukime watches the fierce battle through her tears. She sees John
Smith, fighting as hard as he can...
In all the time she's known him, she's never seen him so visibly
enraged.
Their relationship hasn't been a long one. However, she's well aware
he isn't the type to wear his emotions on his sleeve.
Right now, though, he's furious—furious from the bottom of his
heart.
Furious at Gettan, the man who stole her away and ran her through.
"Mr. John..."
He looks like he's on the back foot, but Yukime knows this isn't the
full extent of his strength.
Then—
John Smith fires off a question. "Is that all you've got...?"
"Rrr..." Gettan pants as he glares at John Smith.
He's been on the offensive this whole time, yet his blade hasn't
reached John Smith even once.
To the contrary, Gettan's body is the one covered in countless tiny
cuts.
He can see all the wires, true.
However, it's precisely his ability to see them that keeps him from
advancing into their net.
John Smith's wires are spread out like a spiderweb. One step in, and
escape becomes impossible.
Gettan senses its immaculate arrangement. It's perfectly designed to
predict, trap, and capture its prey.
306
Each time he tries to push his limits even a little, he immediately
finds himself riddled with cuts.
If he doesn't go forward, he can never slice his foe. But if he does—
only death awaits.
Before he noticed, all Gettan became able to do was futilely swing a
sword that could never reach its mark.
John Smith calmly steps toward him. At some point, he used his steel
wires to cut off Gettan's escape routes.
"I think you have something you want to tell me. Say it..."
"Ah—"
When Gettan hears the order, he looks toward Yukime for the
briefest of moments. However, he quickly shakes his head.
"I have nothing to say to you!!"
"Is that so—"
The next moment, blood bursts from Gettan's chest. The steel wires
surrounding him just sliced at his guts.
Even as his face contorts in pain, however, he continues glaring at
John Smith.
"I needed power! I sacrificed everything for it!! And I'm not about to
back down now!!"
He pulls a heap of red pills from his pocket and swallows them all
down. It's obviously far more than the recommended dose.
"I won't let myself be stolen from again... So if it's to keep what's
mine..."
Gettan glances at Yukime for the second time. It's almost as though
he can truly see.
307
Then his body rapidly darkens. His muscles expand and contort
grotesquely.
Waves of magic burst from his body and blast away the falling snow.
"...then my life is a small price to pay."
Gettan opens his crushed eyelids.
The eyes beneath them are bloodred orbs.
Crimson tears stream down his cheeks.
His movements are leagues faster than they were before. The
moment the snow at his feet flies up, he's already standing before
John Smith.
***
He brings his blade down with a roar.
John Smith's fingers twitch, and the steel wire cuts through the air.
"—Oh?"
When the longsword and steel wires meet, John Smith is the one
forced to retreat.
A number of severed threads flop down from his fingers.
Gettan doesn't stop there. His movements are animalistic as he gives
pursuit.
Once again, his longsword slices through John Smith's wires.
He swings his sword. John Smith's wires dance.
The exchange goes on for a little while, but eventually, John Smith
runs out of wires.
***
A maniacal grin spreads across Gettan's face as he presses toward his
disarmed foe.
308
However, John Smith just stands motionless and sighs.
"At the end of the day, it's just steel...," he murmurs uninterestedly
as he fixes his gaze on Gettan's onrushing form.
Then...they meet.
John Smith evades Gettan's ferocious blow by taking a step forward
and bending one knee. The longsword grazes his cheek, taking a tuft
of black hair with it.
The dodge used only the bare minimum movement required.
The step was short and quick.
As such, he was able to perform them in one ideal, fluid motion.
In other words...it's an act of martial perfection.
"What?!"
As Gettan's eyes go wide with shock, John Smith's elbow collides
with his jaw.
"Gluh—" He staggers backward. His enemy presses the attack.
A fist plows into Gettan's gut, and when he lurches forward, he
receives a knee strike to the torso.
And John Smith doesn't let up there.
Nothing about his fists, elbows, or knees is special, yet they sink into
Gettan's body all the same. Gettan's engorged flesh is getting tossed
around like a toy.
A man's body is his final, most reliable weapon...and John Smith is
the embodiment of that ideal.
Gettan frantically tries to retreat and put some distance between
himself and the whirlwind of blows.
309
Thanks to the pills, his body heals as soon as it takes damage. The
storm won't last forever, so all he has to do is weather it and get to
safety, and—
John Smith, however, doesn't stop.
With each step, he cuts off Gettan's escape routes, and with each
blow, he saps power from Gettan's legs.
As he rains down the flurry of blows, he calculates and predicts
Gettan's every move. That's how he continues his one-sided
beatdown.
By keeping Gettan at point-blank range, he'll always be in John
Smith's reach. No matter how his prey moves, he never lets it
escape.
The dispassionate, almost mechanical beatdown continues.
"Gack... Gah-hah... Grah... Urk..."
Gettan's bones break, his fangs snap, and his organs burst. They
immediately regenerate.
The torture seems never-ending. The sprays of blood paint a
macabre carpet atop the fallen snow.
Eventually, John Smith's blows pick up in strength. They pick up in
speed, too.
"You have something to tell me. Say it."
"Gah... Hur-guh..."
John Smith's words are accompanied by more blows.
Finally, Gettan reaches his limit.
The regeneration stops.
Seeing that, John Smith backs up half a step—then swings his right
leg with all his might.
310
His foot slams into the side of Gettan's skull, and the therianthrope
collapses violently onto the snow.
As Gettan tries to get up, John Smith stamps down on his chest.
He glares up at the man. Gettan's eyes throb, as though trying to
remind him of the past.
"Gah..."
John Smith smashes his fist into his opponent's face.
"—Say it."
He punches him again.
"—Tell me what I want to hear."
"John Smith. I see... You're the one...from back then..."
Gettan looks up at John Smith, all sorts of emotions running across
his face: rage, hatred, envy, regret...
"If I had power like yours, maybe things would have been different..."
The mixed feelings in his voice afford it a certain weight.
"I tried to flee from my own weakness, and look where that's gotten
me... All I really wanted to protect was..." Gettan smiles. "But I feel...I
can entrust it to you..."
Gettan's voice is weak now. His finger trembles as he points in
Yukime's direction.
"I trust you...with Yu..."
"...Understood." John Smith clasps Gettan's trembling hand in his.
"You can leave it all to me."
And then Gettan breathes his last.
Yukime buries her face in John Smith's chest. Her tears sink into his
suit. "I finally remembered... You're the one who..."
311
John Smith runs magic through his hands, then strokes Yukime's
wound.
"So warm... Like it was all the way back then..."
Thump. Yukime's heart pounds.
Ever since that day, that day when everything was taken from her,
she's had to live alone with a frozen heart.
No matter what happened, no matter who embraced her, she'd
vowed to accept it with a smile.
The ice was a wall she built to protect herself, one that she knew
would never thaw.
Yet now, it was melting.
"...Thank you," Yukime says.
John Smith cocks his head to the side.
Then he lets out a quiet murmur. "I think he said it was buried under
a yew tree over there or something, right...?"
"I've got one last job I need to do."
John Smith begins digging a hole, and Yukime returns to the capital
on her own. He must be digging Gettan a grave. Perhaps that's what
Gettan had been searching for—somewhere to die.
That's the impression his final look had given Yukime, in any case. He
seemed peaceful, almost nostalgic.
After spending a night resting in the capital, Yukime picks up the gold
coins she just traded for and heads back to their hideout.
312
John Smith healed all her wounds. Even the ugly scars across her
back have vanished without a trace.
Once she reaches the base, she heads down to the vault with her
gold in tow. However, what she sees within comes as a shock.
"What in the...?"
All of its contents are gone.
As she cocks her head to the side in surprise, a figure clad in black
appears behind her.
"I see. You're Yukime, president of the Snow Fox Corporation..."
***
Yukime whirls around to find a platinum-blond elf beauty standing
there.
"Who are you?" Yukime asks as she gets ready to draw her fans at a
moment's notice.
"My name is Alpha. I'm with the Shadow Garden. Given the
reception you're giving me, I assume he hasn't told you anything."
"Alpha...?"
Yukime's well aware that John Smith—aka Shadow—is the Shadow
Garden's leader.
However, he never mentioned anything about the organization to
her. It's strange, now that she thinks about it.
"I suppose you must have been his collaborator... As well as the
woman the MCA's Gettan was fixated on..."
"What are you trying to say?"
"I have a letter for you. I'm afraid the seal is broken, but I thought it
would only be proper to give it to you anyway."
Alpha hands her a timeworn sheet of paper.
313
"The MCA will fall soon, and there were some things we wanted to
collect from them before that happened. We found this in Gettan's
room. It's a letter...no, a will. And it's addressed to you."
"Gettan's will..."
Yukime takes it and starts reading.
The first thing that takes her by surprise is how messy the writing is.
He must have refused to entrust it to anyone else, writing it himself
even through his blindness. Yukime can sense definite fragments of
the warmth of his handwriting in that messy scrawl.
Gettan starts the letter with an apology to Yukime and the people of
her village, then goes on to curse his own weakness.
Finally, he reveals an alarming truth.
"The Cult of Diablos..."
It's the true identity of the organization that set him along his path.
"We of the Shadow Garden are fighting to take down the Cult of
Diablos. And of course, he's no different..."
"Mr. John, too..."
"Also, Mitsugoshi is a Shadow Garden front."
"—?! Heavens! What a shock!"
"This entire incident's played out exactly how he wanted it to from
the very beginning. Unfortunately, that does mean we had to take all
the gold."
"Ah, and now Mitsugoshi will be able to ride out the credit crisis."
"We'll also be able to snatch up the MCA's assets. Our position will
be nigh unassailable."
"And Mr. John...no, Mr. Shadow saw it all coming."
314
"If you want to curse him as a traitor, you're well within your rights
to do so. I have no doubt he's prepared to accept that judgment."
Yukime shakes her head. "I have no intentions of doing such a thing.
Mr. Shadow has saved me now twice over."
"...Very well." Alpha nods. "We're prepared to accept you into our
ranks. Unless you have objections, we would have you keep continue
managing Snow Fox so you could act as our liaison to the Lawless
City."
"Ah. Very wise. You want Mitsugoshi to act as the public face, and for
Snow Fox to handle the dirty work... A clever arrangement."
Yukime and Alpha have identical smiles on their faces.
It's clear they each hold the other in strong admiration.
"We're glad to have you on board."
"The pleasure is all mine."
After they finish shaking hands, Yukime lets out a quiet murmur.
"Although it brings me no joy to discover just how many important
people he has in his life..."
She and Alpha leave the base together, discussing their future plans.
The MCA's collapse is swift.
Knowing they won't have enough reserves to meet people's demand
to trade in their paper bills, many merchants close up shop and try to
flee in the night. Eventually, the Knight Order has to be called in to
force them to open their coffers, but the amount of money within is
nowhere remotely close to the amount of paper bills in circulation.
315
Eventually, all the merchants are rounded up. Their punishment will
no doubt be harsh.
When the masses watch the MCA collapse, their gaze immediately
turns to Mitsugoshi.
The morning after the MCA goes bankrupt, they all swarm
Mitsugoshi Bank's capital branch office.
There are enough of them to pack the main street completely full.
The moment the bank opens, they all rush in, paper bills in hand.
What they find inside, however, astonishes them.
Mitsugoshi Bank is using a large hall as their vault, and there's a
dazzling mountain of gold piled up within.
The tellers all greet the throng with calm, composed smiles.
When the people in the crowd see Mitsugoshi Bank fulfill exchange
request after exchange request after exchange request, one of them
turns to leave, then another.
By the time noon rolls around, the line's dwindle to almost nothing.
Only about 30 percent of the people who lined up at the beginning of
the day actually decide to trade in their bills.
Seeing Mitsugoshi Bank's reaction sets the people at ease.
The mountain of gold, the tellers' polite smiles, and the reputation
that Mitsugoshi Group's built up over time certainly doesn't hurt,
either. As further proof of that, it takes no time at all before
customers looking for paper money loans appear once more.
Mitsugoshi Bank—as well as Mitsugoshi, Ltd., as a whole—is able to
use the MCA's collapse to elevate their position and further increase
their trust with the consumers.
At this point, they're so powerful, not even the government can
stand up to them.
316
If Mitsugoshi were to leave, the kingdom's economy will be reduced
to shambles.
This whole incident has caused the nation's leadership to view
money creation with alarm. However, the fact does remain that the
credit crisis Mitsugoshi and the others orchestrated brought them an
unprecedented wave of prosperity.
As a result, they decide to hold a meeting with representatives from
Mitsugoshi Group and Mitsugoshi Bank and eventually come to a set
of agreements regarding credit creation.
With that, the series of tumultuous events finally comes to a close.
I dig through the earth with my slime shovel.
I've been digging this whole time.
So why is it, then? Why haven't I found anything?
And why haven't I heard anything from Yukime?
She was supposed to go grab the coins she stashed in the capital
while I dug up the buried gold, and afterward, we could all live
happily ever after. That was the plan, at least.
Except the gold isn't showing up, and Yukime's gone dark.
Also, now that I think about it, Mitsugoshi Bank survived somehow.
Why?
What does it all mean?
The only thing I know is that my plan is in ruins.
"Boss man, we're not finding anything," says Delta as she scrapes
through the dirt with her bare hands.
317
"It's here... It's somewhere around here, it should be."
I keep digging. If all I needed to do was hollow out the ground, I
could just blow it all up, but that'd blow up the gold, too.
In other words, hard labor is my only option.
Delta followed me here by tracking my scent, so I'm having her help
me, too.
"Boss man, is this a confidential secret mission, too?"
"Yup, so you have to make sure you don't tell Alpha about it."
"Got it!"
"See, what we have here is a man's dying message."
"Dine-in message?"
"It's when someone tells you the truth right before they die. This guy
and I hated each other, so we fought to the death, but in the end, we
came to a mutual understanding. And the word he left me with on
his deathbed was 'yew.' And he pointed here. In other words, he was
telling me that he buried something important under the yew trees
here."
"Wow!"
"It's elementary, my dear."
"Elementary!" Delta wags her tail, her eyes glittering. "When we're
done digging, will you do whatever I say?"
"Huh?"
"Remember, you promised!"
"Huuuh?"
"You promised, Boss man!!"
"Huuuuuh?"
318
"Oh-woof..." Delta stares at me with upturned eyes.
"Sorry, sorry, yeah, I remember saying that."
"You did!"
"But I never said I'd do anything—"
"You said you'd do anything!"
"No, I definitely specified I'd only do stuff within reason."
"You said you'd do anything!!"
Crap. Delta's got herself totally convinced that's what I actually said.
"Delta, that's not what I said. Lying is bad, and if I had a voice
recorder, your lie would totally get exposed."
"Boy's recorder?"
"It's a type of Shadow Weaponry. When you turn it on, it destroys
the world."
"R-really?!"
"That's why you shouldn't lie. You don't want the world getting
destroyed, do you?"
"Oh-woof... I don't want the world destroyed... B-but, Boss man, you
promised..."
Delta looks at me sadly. Hell, she's on the verge of tears.
"All right, all right, let's settle on a compromise. I'll do what you ask
within reason. But remember, Delta, there are things even I won't
do. I'm not Santa, after all."
"Santa?" Delta tilts her head to the side.
"Santa Claus... The monstrous devil in crimson who rules over the
world from the shadows..."
"A devil?!"
319
"His outfit is crimson, drenched in blood. He destroys people's
dreams, fills them with despair, and paints his suit with their
sinew..."
"That's awful!"
"That's right. He's an awful guy. Once, long ago, I, too, suffered at his
hand."
"He even got you, Boss man?!"
"I had a dream that I wanted fulfilled no matter the cost, but he let
me down at every turn."
"A dream?"
"I wanted to become an eminence in sha—no, I'd better not say. I
swore to myself that I'd never put the one thing that truly matters
into words. Anyways, ever since I was a kid, he betrayed me year
after year, each time leaving another scar on my heart. Basically,
Delta, what I'm trying to say is that I'm not Santa, so there are some
wishes I won't grant."
For some reason, Delta stares straight at my face and blinks a few
times. Then she cocks her head.
"But Santa doesn't grant all wishes, either, right? You said he
betrayed your dream!"
True.
"Huh," I say.
"Huh!"
"You're right. That doesn't add up."
"It doesn't add up!"
The two of us both cock our heads.
320
"Eh, whatever. The point is, I'm willing to compromise, but there's
some stuff I won't do."
"Oh-woof..."
"Now, I'm gonna head off on a journey, so why don't you have a
good long think about what you want to ask me for."
"A journey?!"
"Yeah, a journey of self-discovery..."
Alpha and the others are probably livid, so it'd be better if I gave
them some time to cool off. Emotions dwindle as the hours and days
wear on. They say time heals all. Besides, it's winter break at the
academy anyway.
All I gotta do is show up nonchalantly around Alpha and the others
after break is over. I purposefully won't apologize. I'll just go on like
normal, pretending like nothing happened.
The thing is, I've discovered an unbeatable Hidden Technique that
lets you emerge victorious from any interpersonal conflict.
The trick is...you wear them out.
All you have to do is make them think, Ugh, there's no point trying
to reason with this guy.
Nobody complains when babies do stuff, after all. In other words,
that's the level I have to reduce myself to.
If I'm not careful, this Hidden Technique can become a double-edged
sword.
The thing is, you win every argument, but in a way, you also lose
them...
"Oh, and we can stop digging now. Thanks for all the help."
My plan was completely ruined. And Mitsugoshi ended up surviving
anyway, so even if I find the gold, it's not like it'll do me much good.
321
"Now then, I'm off on my journey! Later."
"Wait, Boss man! Something just came out of the—!"
I hear Delta shouting at me from behind, but I dash off at full speed
so she can't successfully complete her "request."
Now that I think about it, the first time Santa betrayed me was on a
snowy night just like this one.
Prologue: It's Time for a War in the
Oriana Kingdom!
Sometimes, people realize it when they're having a dream.
For Rose Oriana, it always happens at the same moment.
In the dream, she's at the Bushin Festival.
Her father is standing before her.
She draws her blade and stabs him with it.
Slowly but surely, slowly but surely.
The world is quiet, and the only things gently moving are Rose, her
father, and the sword.
Slowly but surely, slowly but surely.
The blade runs her father through.
She can't stop it. She can't pull it back. Time just flows forward, cruel
in its slowness and its surety.
For as long as she lives, Rose will never be able to forget the way his
flesh felt as it gave, or how warm his blood was as it sprayed her.
She can't cry. She can't scream. She certainly can't run.
Her father looks at her. He's trying to tell her something.
Then, he extends his arms toward her—and wraps his hands around
her throat.
"I will never forgive you."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm..."
Page | 17
Every morning, Rose wakes to the sound of her own voice.
All her room has in it is a bed and a small desk. She's in a Shadow
Garden base in the Oriana Kingdom.
"Father..."
Tears stream down her cheeks.
The image from the nightmare is burning into her retinas.
What had her father tried to say to her on that fateful day?
Had he resented her?
Had he hated her?
Were those words he spoke in her nightmare truly how he felt?
Rose clutches at her sweat-drenched sheets.
Then, someone knocks on her door.
It's Number 664.
"Number 666, it's time."
"On my way."
Rose dries her tears and gets changed.
She takes off the thin shirt sticking to her sweaty skin, and a mound
of black slime coils its way across her bare flesh.
It's her slime bodysuit.
It conducts magic at a tremendous rate and can be molded freely
into any shape or form. When Rose runs her magic through it, it
strengthens to the point where the average dark knight would have
trouble so much as scratching it.
The bodysuits are groundbreaking enough they could revolutionize
the entire dark knight world, and yet they're only one of the many
innovations the Shadow Garden has made.
Page | 18
When Rose finishes changing and steps out into the hallway, she
finds her usual squadmates waiting for her—Numbers 664 and 665.
"Good morning," she greets them.
"Let's get a move on," Number 664 replies.
"Mooornin', 666," says 665.
Number 664 sets off at a brisk pace, and Rose and 665 follow her.
The hallway's walls and ceiling are artificial, gray, and unadorned.
They're made of a secret material the Shadow Garden is researching
called "reinforced concrete." It's unimpressive to look at, but that
just makes the carpet and lighting stand out all the more.
The lights are made from specially cut, highly transparent crystal
glass. Their glow casts radiant shadows across the hallway.
They, too, are the fruits of a manufacturing process exclusive to the
Shadow Garden, used to make Mitsugoshi's high-end chandeliers.
The cheapest models cost a whopping ten million zeni, but even so,
they fly off the shelves like there's no tomorrow.
Rumor has it that, someday, Mitsugoshi, Ltd. plans on putting its
myriad techniques to use in the construction industry.
Rose lets out a small sigh at the sheer degree of engineering prowess
on display in just that one hallway.
It still amazes her how all of it originally sprang from Shadow's
Shadow Wisdom. Not only are his combat skills ferocious, his
intellect seems nigh bottomless, too. She wonders how he came to
be that way.
"I heard that," Number 664 says. By "that," she means Rose's sigh.
"If there's something weighing on you, you should tell me about it. I
can tell you've got a lot going on."
"No, no, it's nothing."
Page | 19
"...If you say so."
Number 664 is a petite elf a year older than Rose. She's strict but
responsible, which is why she was chosen as a squad leader.
Number 665 is an elf with a lazy streak who's the same age as Rose.
She always looks like she's about to doze off.
Not only are they both attractive, most standards would rate each of
them as a first-rate dark knight.
Within their organization, however, both of them are closer to the
bottom of its rankings than to the top.
Rose is Number 666.
The numbers refer strictly to the order in which they joined. They
aren't a ranking system.
However, each set of 100 tends to be a good deal stronger than the
next, so the numbers end up being a decent measure anyway.
That said, there are exceptions.
Rose got a chance to see Number 559 spar once.
Her opponent was Number 89. With a four hundred–plus numerical
gap, Number 559 shouldn't have stood a chance.
Yet she won all the same—an overwhelming victory.
This earned her the right to challenge the Numbers.
The Shadow Garden is surprisingly regimented.
Rose felt like her magic had gotten stronger. She felt as though
joining the Shadow Garden would let her start changing things. She
felt that if she became strong, she could save the Oriana Kingdom.
But she hasn't been able to change anything.
"I need to work even harder...," she murmurs to herself as she chases
after the two elves ahead of her.
Page | 20
Today, Number 559 will be heading up their mission.
The three of them leave the base in the dead of night and silently
race across a snow-covered field.
Rose spots a fortress off in the distance.
An attractive girl stands on a small hill overlooking it.
"There you are," she says as she turns around.
Her strawberry blond hair sways elegantly behind her. Illuminated in
the moonlight as she is, even a fellow girl like Rose can see how
sublimely beautiful she is.
She's the Shadow Garden's one and only Number 559.
"Our apologies for keeping you waiting."
"You know the details?" 559 says, succinct as ever.
"No, we were just told that it would involve Fort First."
"I see."
Number 559 exhales a puff of white as she turns her back to them
and begins explaining.
"Two days ago, Fort First fell into the Perv Faction's hands."
At the moment, the Oriana Kingdom is locked in a fierce conflict
between the Perv Faction and the Anti-Perv Faction. No major
battles have broken out yet, but minor skirmishes in outlying regions
are becoming a regular occurrence.
"Fort First is a small fortress near the Midgar border of little strategic
value. The important part is that the Cult secretly mobilized the
Children of Diablos to take it."
Page | 21
The First Children are the Cult's cream of the crop. Using them to
take an unimportant fortress would be a complete waste of
resources.
"There's more to Fort First than meets the eye," Number 559 goes
on. "Our job is to sneak in and find out what the Cult is after. I take it
you know why you were chosen for the mission?"
She turns her gaze toward Rose, who replies, "Because I already
know the fort's layout."
Fort First lies cradled in the mountains, and the royal family often
uses it as a vacation home to escape the summer's heat.
"That's part of it. But not all."
With that, Number 559 descends the hill and starts making her way
across the snowfield as gracefully as a bird soaring through the sky.
Rose and the others hurriedly follow her.
"I was the one who nominated you, Rose Oriana."
Rose falters for a moment at being called by her real name.
Among the Shadow Garden's ranks, the identity of Number 666 as
Rose Oriana is something of an open secret.
"Master Shadow granted you power."
Numbers 664 and 665 look at Rose in shock. "What?"
The only ones granted power by Shadow himself were the initial
seven—the Seven Shadows. The Seven Shadows stand in a league of
their own in the Shadow Garden, and that blessing Shadow had given
them is part of what makes them so special.
Rose gives them a small nod. "...It's true."
Sure enough, Shadow was the one who saved her from the ravages
of the possession.
Page | 22
"He did the same for me," Number 559 says.
Page | 23
Page | 24
"Really...?"
"Master Shadow granted me strength, just as he did to you. Aside
from the Seven Shadows, you and I are the only two to have received
that privilege." She casts Rose a scrutinizing gaze, then mutters, "So
weak."
***
"As Master Shadow's faithful servant, it's my duty to purge any who
are unworthy of his grace."
She turns her back on Rose.
Soldiers' corpses are left piled high within Fort First.
Rose bites her lip as she looks down from atop the rampart.
Her actions are what started the war, and this is where it's brought
her.
Her soldiers are dying, and her people are suffering.
To Rose, however, the most painful part of all is that she's helpless to
do anything about it.
Perhaps she was conceited.
Perhaps she believed that what she did would change something.
But now, she's nothing more than one of the Shadow Garden's foot
soldiers. The organization is filled to bursting with people stronger
and wiser than she is, and joining them has taught her just how small
she truly is.
Page | 25
"What's wrong, 666?"
What role can she play in this war?
It feels like the soldiers' pain-contorted faces are all glaring
resentfully at her.
"Number 666!"
Rose is jolted back to the present by the sensation of someone
shaking her shoulders.
Number 664 looks at her worriedly.
"Sorry, it's nothing," Rose replies.
Number 664 smiles. "Try not to let it get to you, okay?"
Number 559 has been observing the Cult's movements, and she
speaks up. "They're on the move."
A group of people dressed in black robes emerges from the fortress's
moonlit front gate.
"There's over forty of them," Number 665 notes.
Number 559's lips contort into a pleased smile. "That's more than I
expected."
"What do we do?"
"Follow them from a distance."
Number 559 takes the lead, and the four of them head through the
darkness. They take great care not to make a sound.
The robed group makes its way into a forest near the fortress.
"We'll use the forest to let us get closer," Number 559 says.
"Roger that."
"And keep your guard up. Given how strong they look, they're
probably all First Children."
Page | 26
"All of them?!"
The First Children are the strongest forces the Cult has, and there
aren't all that many of them. Having forty of them all in the same
place is a highly unusual occurrence.
"What's in the forest, 666?" 559 asks.
"Just some historical ruins. It used to be a shrine memorializing those
lost in the battle against Diablos, but most of it's fallen into
disrepair."
"Ruins, hmm. I figured as much..."
Number 559 seems to understand what's going on.
They enter the forest and gradually close the gap between them and
the Cult members. Before long, they arrive at the ruins.
The robed group surrounds the shrine's altar.
Rose and the others watch them quietly from behind cover.
"There's no mistaking it... This...a door..."
Rose can just barely make out their leader's words. His face is
illuminated by torchlight, and she can see the scars on the middleaged man's cheeks.
"That's Kouadoi the Gale, one of the Cult's leaders."
"...I see." Number 559's lips contort into a smile once again.
"To the altar...with...left to...Queen Reina." Kouadoi pulls a petite
woman from the crowd of robed figures and makes her stand in
front of the altar.
When she takes off her robe, Rose's throat trembles.
"M-Mother...?"
The woman is, without a doubt, the very same woman who birthed
her. The Cult must have threatened her into following their orders.
Page | 27
Rose doesn't understand. She was told that all the Oriana royalty
were under the Anti-Perv Faction's protection.
"Why is my mother here...?"
Did the Cult catch her? Or did the Shadow Garden simply lie to her?
Rose's mind races at a mile a minute.
"Put your hand there."
When Queen Reina follows Kouadoi's order and holds out her hand,
magical runes flash brightly across the altar's surface.
"Just as we thought... Royalty... Blood is the key..."
The light dies down, leaving a small band floating above the altar.
It's a ring.
"Sure enough... This is...the Oriana Kingdom's..."
Kouadoi places the ring in a small box.
"Get ready to fight," says Number 559. The twisted smile never
leaves her face.
Number 664 offers her a hushed objection. "B-but this was supposed
to be a recon mission!"
"That ring is the key. We need to wipe them out and retrieve it."
"That doesn't tell me anything. What's this 'key'?"
"That's need-to-know. And right now, the only thing you three need
to know is that failure to retrieve it isn't an option. All you should be
thinking about is how we can do that."
Peons like Number 664 and Rose are rarely privy to confidential
information. The Shadow Garden runs a tight ship when it comes to
information management.
"But we're at a huge disadvantage!"
Page | 28
There are four of them and forty Cultists. They're outnumbered ten
to one.
"So?" Number 559 coolly draws her ebony blade. "It's execution
time."
"P-please, wait!" Rose cries. "That's my mother down—"
Number 559 ignores her.
She dashes forward, reaching the altar in the blink of an eye. Her
blade extends in her hand.
She plans on mowing everyone down in one fell swoop.
"Wh-who goes there?!"
The Children draw their swords as well.
The moment they do, a horribly shrill noise rings out.
The strike from Number 559 cleaves through swords like toothpicks
and bisects some of the Children with the same ease.
"It's the Shadow Garden! Spread out!!"
A shock wave so powerful runs through the area it's evocative of an
attack from the Seven Shadows themselves.
An alarmed stir runs through the Cultists, but they quickly regain
their composure and scatter. However, Number 559 simply uses that
time to start cutting them down one by one.
For her next target, she chooses Queen Reina.
"Mother!"
In that moment, an image of her father's face flashes through Rose's
mind.
It's an image she's seen over and over in her dreams. Pierced
through the chest, he coughs up blood as the life fades from him.
Page | 29
***
Rose reaches out, grabs her mother, and dodges the strike from
Number 559.
The queen looks at Rose in shock.
"Rose...?"
"Mother!"
Rose holds her mother tight.
"Why? Why would you attack my mother?!"
Her honey-colored eyes burn with rage as she glares at Number 559.
"...Hmph."
Number 559 gives her a coldhearted smile.
Rose squeezes Queen Reina tight to protect her, but the fact remains
that they're surrounded by Cultists. The Cultists level their swords at
the two of them.
"Any sudden moves, and they die," Kouadoi says. "Even catching us
by surprise, taking out nine First Children is no mean feat. You must
be one of the Seven Shadows."
Nine corpses lie scattered around them.
"Sorry," Number 559 replies, "but I'm not one of the Seven."
"You aren't?! You must at least be one of the higher-ranked
Numbers, then."
"For the time being, I'm merely Number 559..."
"A member of the rank and file has access to power like that...?!"
Kouadoi's eyes go wide with shock. "W-well, no matter. Strong or
not, your end is nigh."
Page | 30
He waves his arm, and three of the black-cloaked Cultists lower their
hoods.
Numbers 664's and 665's faces contort in despair.
"It can't be... Three of the Cult's leaders are here?!"
Number 559's face contorts as well, but in her case into a smile.
Kouadoi places his sword at the nape of Rose's neck. "Don't try
anything funny. We have hostages."
"Do as you will," Number 559 replies.
"What?"
"That woman is unfit to serve the Shadow Garden." The density of
her magic swells. "It's executions for the lot of you."
Rose and her mother are bound and dragged off. The last thing she
sees when she turns back is Number 559, surrounded by Cultists.
I sit in a tavern in Fort First's castle town, drinking my apple juice and
listening to the exposition.
After fleeing from Delta, I ended up dashing all the way over the
border and sneaking into the Oriana Kingdom.
"War's broken out. Lord Kouadoi controls the area around Fort First,
and many of the residents here have died."
"Hmm. Hmm. I see."
I idly murmur every so often to show I'm paying attention. The
hostess is a bombshell named Marie. I feel like I've seen her before,
but I'm probably just imagining things.
Page | 31
From what I hear, 90 percent of the guys in this tavern are trying to
get in her pants.
"Things are all kinds of messed up right now. The soldiers are shaking
us down for everything we have."
"Damn, that's rough," I offer.
"I'm afraid you picked a bad time to get stuck in Oriana, Cid. I only
just opened this tavern myself, and—"
The basic gist of it is that Oriana doesn't have a king right now, so
there are two factions vying for power.
Factional disputes, war... Stuff like this just has a kind of je ne sais
quoi to it. These kinds of scenarios always have an opening or two
for an eminence in shadow to burst onto the scene and strut his
stuff.
"I'm sure it'll all end up fine, though," Marie says hopefully.
"Yeah, for sure."
"We can't give up, that's all. As long as we keep hanging in there,
we'll figure out how to get through this."
"For sure, yeah."
Marie's eyes gleam as she gazes off into the distance. Except there
isn't any distance to gaze off into. Just the tavern's dingy door.
Then, the door swings open.
A trio of the worst-mannered soldiers imaginable struts in.
"Hey lady, hand over your profits!"
As a man with a chariot once said, reality is cruel.
"Th-that's not fair! I just gave you all the money I—"
"Shaddup! If you don't give us cash, you'll have to pay us with your
body!"
Page | 32
"Y-you can't—"
"Hey!"
A brave young man plants himself squarely in front of the tyrannical
soldiers.
You guessed it—it's yours truly!
At first, I was thinking that the most normie thing to do would be to
cower to the side like all the other patrons, but nah. This one calls for
a classic.
"L-l-leave Marie alone!"
It's that setup where the power of love inspires a boy to take on a
group of soldiers—and fails miserably!
"Ack!"
A single punch sends me flying, and blood streams from my nose as I
pull off a perfect rotation and a half in the air and land squarely on
my face.
Heh. A beautiful rendition of "background character getting his shit
kicked in."
"Cid!" Marie cries.
The soldier sneers at her. "Heh-heh. You're up next."
"H-here, you can have the money! Just take it!"
Marie scoops up her earnings and hands them over to the soldiers.
"Ha, shoulda just done that from the— Hey, there's barely anything
here!"
"Th-that's everything I have. Restocking's been hard lately..."
"You think I'm some chump?!"
The soldier grabs Marie by the collar.
Page | 33
"I'll let you off this time. Next time, though, we might not be so
generous."
He and his soldier buddies look her up and down like she's a piece of
meat, then leave the tavern.
"Cid, are you okay?"
Marie leans down next to me and lays my head on her lap.
"Ow, ow... Sorry, Marie..."
"That was so reckless!"
"Sorry...they took all your money..."
"It's fine." She strokes my head and smiles.
"You seem calm about all this."
"I used to live in the Lawless City. You get used to these sorts of
things."
I love the Lawless City. I think of it as my home away from home.
"I worked there as a prostitute for a long time. Violence like this was
just a fact of life there, and I came this close to giving up more times
than I can count. But I never did. And because of that, I was there
when he showed up and saved me."
Her eyes practically glitter.
"That's why I refuse to give up. I have this feeling that if I keep
fighting, I'll meet him again someday..."
"Cool, cool. Well, I gotta get going."
"Thank you for stepping in like that, Cid. It made me really happy."
Marie sees me off with a smile.
Page | 34
Three soldiers stroll down the chilly nighttime road.
"Ha-ha, what a pushover. And what's a pretty thing like her doing in
a backwater town like this?"
Their sack of gold jingles as they walk.
"Hell if I know, man. I hear the plan is to kill all the villagers to make
sure none of 'em talk, though."
"Something about an important ruin nearby, yeah. Heh-heh, might
as well enjoy ourselves before we put the poor bastards down."
Their breath escapes from their mouths in white puffs as they chat.
When they step into an alley, they find a boy there.
"Heya," he says with a grin.
He's got black hair, black eyes, and looks as average as can be.
"Hey, you're that kid from earlier."
"Who? Oh yeah, that pathetic pip-squeak who went down in a single
punch."
"Ha-ha, let's kill the little shit."
The soldiers draw their swords without hesitating so much as a
second.
However, the boy isn't there anymore.
"Where'd he go?!"
"The hell?! He's gone!"
"Ah! Behind us!"
Sure enough, the boy is behind them.
He's standing there as though nothing happened.
Page | 35
"Going straight for blood? You guys'd fit right in at the Lawless City."
He nods. "I love it."
"How the hell'd you get over there, kid?!"
"There's something off about this guy..."
"C'mon, guys, get your shit together!"
One of the soldiers swings his sword in a wide arc.
But the boy isn't there.
"H-he's gone again!"
They hear the boy's voice again, though they're not sure where from.
"Makes things real simple."
"Where'd he—? Glourgh!"
The boy is behind them again. He's holding the heart of one of the
soldiers in his hand.
Blood splatters atop the snow on the ground.
"H-how?! How'd he rip your heart out with his bare hands?!"
"It doesn't make sense! Earlier, he went down in a single—"
The boy flows seamlessly from one motion to the next.
After tossing aside the dripping heart, he makes his way behind the
fleeing soldier and thrusts his arm right through the man's chest.
"Gahhh! H-help..."
He squeezes down and crushes the second heart.
A flower of blood blossoms on the ground.
"L-look, I'm sorry, okay! I'm sorry I punched you!"
The boy turns his bloodstained hand toward the final soldier.
"In the Lawless City, might makes right."
Page | 36
"E-eek! Someone, save m—"
He pierces straight through him.
Blood spills onto the alleyway yet again.
"And that makes me right."
Moonlight streams down, illuminating the three corpses with holes
in their chests.
"A fortress and some ruins, huh? I like the sound of that."
The boy discards the final heart and picks the bag of gold up off the
ground.
Then, he turns and looks at the fortress off in the distance.
"Y-you're a monster...," Kouadoi mutters.
Number 664 can't help but agree with the assessment.
She's slumped against one of the forest's trees, and Number 665 is
collapsed by her feet.
The two of them are fresh out of mana. They're in no state to fight.
Yet even so, there are corpses piled all around them.
There are easily a hundred bodies in total.
Number 559 stands at the center of the grim carnage, covered in
blood from head to toe.
She's been fighting ever since Rose got dragged off. Not only did she
put down the three Cult leaders among the robed figures, she also
butchered the reinforcements the Cult sent from the fortress.
Page | 37
Nothing can stop Number 559 as she races through the forest. By
now, the battle has lasted three full days and nights.
However, that isn't to say that 559 has emerged unscathed.
Her back has been sliced, her gut has been rent, and her left arm is
completely gone from the elbow down. Her right hand still holds her
ebony blade, but it dangles powerlessly by her side.
It's a surprise she's still standing.
Even now, blood is still gushing from her stump of a left arm.
She doesn't have the mana left to stanch the bleeding.
"L-looks like your well's finally run dry," Kouadoi says, his voice
trembling. "You just don't know when to quit, do you?"
He walks over to her and sends her flying with a kick to the side.
"Agh...!"
She crumples to the ground with an uncharacteristically frail scream.
Kouadoi plants his foot on her neck.
"Perhaps I'll just crush your throat here and now."
He gradually presses down harder and harder.
"No, that would be too quick a death for the likes of you. D-do you
have any idea how many people we lost because of you?"
A twitchy smile spreads across his face as he squeezes Number 559's
neck.
"We didn't lose them for nothing, though, so that's something. We
got our hands on Rose Oriana. Duke Perv will be delighted."
He pulls out a letter and examines it with obvious satisfaction.
"Where to start, where to start? Your good arm? Your legs? Your
eyes, maybe?"
Page | 38
He runs his sword across Number 559's body, leaving shallow
wounds in its wake. Without mana running through it, her slime
bodysuit offers her nothing in the way of protection.
Number 664 and Number 665 are helpless to do anything but watch.
"What's with that look?" A puzzled expression comes over Kouadoi's
face as he gazes down at Number 559.
She's smiling.
The smile is radiant and beautiful.
"You're here to save me again..."
Tears spill from her eyes.
"God, you're creepy. Let's see if one fewer arm can fix that."
Kouadoi starts bringing down his sword. Emphasis on "starts."
"Aaaargh!"
Instead of finishing his strike, however, he crumples to the ground
with a scream. Everything from his ankle down has been sliced to
ribbons.
"B-but how...?"
Number 559 calmly rises to her feet.
She's holding something in her right hand.
It's what's left of Kouadoi's foot.
"Y-you were supposed to be out of mana... How is this possible...?"
At some point, the area around Number 559 has become full of
swirling bluish-purple magic.
It's so dense it causes the air itself to tremble, and Number 559's
wounds are closing before Kouadoi's eyes.
Next, the magic gathers at her severed left arm.
Page | 39
It condenses even further, glowing all the while.
Then...
"This is the power he possesses."
Number 559's left arm is as good as new.
Kouadoi turns and flees. "I thought the Seven Shadows were
supposed to be the only monsters in the Shadow Garden... But
you're just as bad!"
Even with his foot torn to shreds, he's still worthy of the title "the
Gale."
He moves faster than the eye can see, perceptible only as a gust of
wind.
"How foolish," Number 559 murmurs. "You've stepped right into his
range."
Blood sprays through the air like flower petals.
Minced chunks of Kouadoi roll across the ground. His final expression
is one of naked shock.
The sound of black longboots rings out.
Clop. Clop.
"It's been too long..."
Number 559 kneels, her face flushed with joy.
A man in a jet-black longcoat strides out from the darkness. Streaks
of blood shine ominously on his ebony sword.
"...Master Shadow."
Number 664 hurriedly kneels as well.
Page | 40
Nobody is at Fort First when I go to check it out, but I sense people
using magic in the forest right beside it. When I get there, I spot a
familiar-looking girl with strawberry blond hair who looks like she's in
a bit of trouble.
If I remember correctly, her name is Victoria.
I met her last year when I was on one of my cross-country strolls. She
had the possession, so I cured her, then left her with Alpha.
She was so timid she wouldn't hurt a fly back then, so I'm kinda
surprised to find her fighting for her life while totally drenched in
blood
I can see she's in pain, so I heal her, but she should still probably take
it easier in the future. Then, I slice up the old guy who was bullying
her.
"Are you okay?" I ask her.
"Yes, sir," Victoria replies.
Well, that's good, at least.
It does beg the question, though: What was she doing brawling with
all these soldiers?
"What happened here?"
"I made a mistake. The Cult of Diablos has already put their plan into
motion."
A mistake, huh?
It must be something she's too embarrassed to tell anyone about.
She was probably doing something illegal, and the soldiers caught
her. I'm impressed she was able to come up with that cover story
about the Cult of Diablos so quickly, though.
Aside from Victoria, I also spot the two girls who were hanging out
with Rose the other day.
Page | 41
Neither of them look like they're hurt too badly, but I decide to heal
'em, too, just to be on the safe side.
"Th-thank you so much!"
"Thaaanks."
I like these two. They've got good manners.
"...Master Shadow, I have a report."
Victoria tugs on my coat with a bit of a huffy look on her face.
Man, this takes me back. After I healed her last year, she used to tug
on my coat all the time.
"It's about Number 666. The traitor."
Who?
Look, I get that Mitsugoshi calls its employees by their ID numbers,
but you can't seriously expect me to remember six hundred different
people.
"A traitor, you say...?"
The girl who looks like a chairwoman type jumps in to defend the
supposed traitor. "N-no! Number 666 isn't a traitor—she was just
trying to protect her mother!"
"Huh..."
Ah, I see. This "Number 666" must have betrayed Mitsugoshi. They
probably stole corporate secrets about some new product and ran
off with them.
I nod in comprehension, and Victoria tugs on my coat in even more
of a huff than before.
"Number 666 is unworthy of your grace, my lord. I swear, I'll—"
All of a sudden, a cold gust of wind blows a letter toward us.
Page | 42
"Hmm?"
It piques my interest, so I open it and read it.
"Save the date! Princess Rose Oriana and Duke Perv Asshat are
getting married!"
"What...?"
Rose is getting married?
I thought the whole reason she killed her dad at the Bushin Festival
was so she could become the new monarch, though.
Plus, this guy she's marrying is her old fiancé, the guy she already
dumped. Why go back and marry him now?
Something is up.
Don't tell me she gave up on becoming the monarch, did she?
"This is unacceptable."
I shred the letter, down to the particulate level.
The existence of light is what makes darkness so radiant.
If Rose becomes the monarch, my eminence in shadow playacting
will become that much cooler.
"Wh-what?!" the chairwoman-y girl cries. "But that's not fair!"
"I expected nothing less of you, my lord!" Victoria crows.
"I refuse to let this stand."
There's no way I'm letting this wedding go through.
They might have their parents' blessings, but they damn well don't
have mine.
"I'm coming for you, Rose Oriana."
Come on, Rose! Remember why you stabbed your old man?
Page | 43
It was to become Oriana's monarch, wasn't it?!
"Then I leave taking care of the traitor to you, my lord."
"No... Number 666..."
I'm not totally sure why, but Victoria's eyes are gleaming, and the elf
girl duo seems to be overcome with despair. I leave them behind,
kicking up snow in my wake as I dash full speed ahead.
...Oh, shoot. I gotta go back and pay for that apple juice first.
Marie's eyes snap open in the dead of night. It's quiet and oh-so-very
cold.
Her window is slightly ajar. That's odd; she's sure she closed it before
she turned in for the night.
Her breath hangs white in the air as she gets out of bed. The moment
she does, something moves beside her window.
"Wh-who's there?"
***
There's a person standing there. Moonlight streams into the room.
"What?" She recognizes that black longcoat. "A-are you...?"
The window swings open, and the figure disappears in the blink of an
eye.
"Please, hold on a moment!"
Marie rushes over to the window.
However, there's no one there anymore.
"I wonder if that was him..."
Page | 44
Most people would just assume it was a burglar who got away.
However, Marie has someone she can't help but look for.
She looks for him when she's walking around town, or when she's
working. She never stops looking. For some reason, even the boy at
her tavern today reminded her of him.
"I'm such a fool..."
Then, when she goes to close the window, she notices a large bag
lying on the floor.
"What could this be? Oh my—"
When she opens it and finds the mountain of gold coins piled within,
tears begin spilling from her eyes. Marie hugs the bag tightly to her
chest. It's still a little warm.
Page | 45
Page | 46
Page | 47
Chapter 1: Putting the Kibosh on Rose
Oriana's Wedding!
I arrive in Oriana's royal capital, a city of art and culture.
It's famed for its uniformly colored buildings with their white walls
and scarlet roofs, but at this wintery time of year, the roofs are
buried under heavy layers of snow, leaving everything white as far as
the eye can see.
The city is normally a bustling tourist destination, but unsurprisingly,
there are no tourists to be seen. When people plan their vacations,
they tend to avoid places that are on the brink of war.
Even the locals are tense.
Based on what I've heard, Perv's marriage to Rose will give him the
right to succeed the throne.
There's no way I'm letting that happen.
I gotta go talk Rose out of this.
Step one? Getting into the castle, which is in a state of perpetual
high alert.
"All right, gatekeepers, let's see if you can keep up with the speed of
sound."
The skies are clear, there's a fair number of pedestrians, and the
gatekeepers are standing at attention.
It's finally time for my hard-trained movement tech to shine!
Then, I hear a familiar voice. "Master Sha—er—Cid! What a
coincidence!"
"Oh, hey, Epsilon. Fancy meeting you here."
Page | 48
I stop on a dime and turn around. Behind me, I find an attractive elf
with hair and eyes the color of a clear spring—Epsilon.
Y'know, now that I think about it, she did mention something about
getting invited to the Oriana Kingdom to do a piano recital.
"It's an honor to get to see you. I take it you're here about the youknow-what as well?"
Epsilon turns and looks at the castle.
I assume she's here to play the piano for the wedding. Man, anything
sounds badass when you call it "the you-know-what."
I put on the most serious expression I can muster.
"That's right. I'm here for the you-know-what."
Looks like we're both here for the wedding.
"I figured as much," she replies. "Would you like to accompany me,
then?"
"What do you mean?"
"If I introduce you as my apprentice, I can get you in the front door."
"Oh-ho."
That sounds kinda fun, and if it isn't, I can always slip away later.
"Don't mind if I do."
And with that, I enter the castle as the apprentice of "Shiron," the
pianist.
Thanks to Epsilon, I get waved right on into the castle. Once we're in,
I'm immediately captured by its gorgeously artistic decorations.
"They don't call it a land of art and culture for nothing, huh?"
Page | 49
"It's often said to be the most beautiful castle in the world," Epsilon
replies.
The two of us walk side by side through high-ceilinged corridors and
exchange pleasantries with the people we pass.
"In Oriana, people respect the artistically talented, no matter what
race they are or what their social status might otherwise be."
"I see, I see."
She leans in close to me, wraps her arm around mine, and whispers
in my ear.
"All the praise I receive is thanks to you, my lord. You taught me
everything I know."
By my estimate, about 90 percent of her bosom is composed of
slime.
Some things never change.
Day in and day out, Epsilon enhances her body with slime.
She uses it to pad her chest and hips, tighten her waist, and even
lengthen her legs. It's amazing what slime can do in the hands of a
talented cosmetic surgeon.
Epsilon looks up at me coyly. "Tee-hee. Something on your mind?"
"Nah, I was just thinking about how you never fail to impress."
I know full well how much precision and fine magical control it takes
for her to maintain her figure like that.
"You're too kind." She squeezes my arm in delight, then lowers her
voice. "I'm keeping an eye on the target to see what they'll do."
"...Good."
Target? What's this about a target?
"They haven't noticed us yet. When the time is right, I'll—"
Page | 50
All of a sudden, a gaggle of people all dressed to the nines chats us
up.
"Goodness me, if it isn't Ms. Shiron! You're slated to give a
performance at the luncheon today, aren't you?"
"That's correct, Duke Perv. It's my honor to be debuting a new piece
today."
Epsilon returns his greeting in a well-practiced manner. The duke has
a bunch of retainers shadowing him.
It's him. Rose's despicable fiancé.
"I'm looking forward to it," Perv says. "I love how avant-garde all
your compositions are."
No duh, they're avant-garde. They were written by a bunch of
musicians who don't even exist in this world.
"I was hoping Princess Rose would get to hear it, but I see she's not
with us today," Epsilon notes.
"No, I'm afraid she's fallen ill. She's going to be taking it easy until
the ceremony." Perv turns to look at me. "By the way, who's this?"
"He's my apprentice," Epsilon replies.
"You have an apprentice? I can't believe this is the first I'm hearing of
it. Forgive me for asking, but does he have a permit to enter the
castle?"
"He's with me, so I assumed he wouldn't need one."
"We recently changed the rules, I'm afraid. There are rumors that an
outsider managed to sneak into the castle, so we've been tightening
security just in case."
"I suppose I'll have to send him out to go get a permit, then," Epsilon
says. She shoots me an apologetic look.
Page | 51
I nod. These things happen.
"Oh, there's no need to go that far. If he plays a piece for us, that will
serve just as well. I'm sure everyone is dying to know what the
legendary Shiron's apprentice is capable of."
Perv is giving me nowhere to run.
Fine by me, man. Time to break out the "background character who's
kinda decent at playing piano" routine.
People flood into the hall when they hear that Shiron has an
apprentice.
In the Oriana Kingdom, she's hailed as the greatest pianist in the
world. Her name carries a lot of sway.
When she burst onto the scene a few years ago as a complete
unknown, her pieces took the world of music by storm. Their
innovative artistry and her polished technical skill became the talk of
concert halls everywhere.
It's said that the world of fine art has two rising stars that shine
brighter than all the rest—Natsume for literature, and Shiron for
music.
When people hear that Shiron's taken on an apprentice, it's hard to
blame them for sitting up and paying attention.
In the Oriana Kingdom, talented musicians are a big deal. Even if
nothing's official yet, nobles hoping to become their patrons latch on
to every rumor and scrap of information.
For Oriana nobles, the renown of the musicians they have working
for them plays a huge role in how they're viewed by their peers.
Page | 52
That's why the people looking at the black-haired, dark-eyed boy
standing before the piano are so confused.
They have no idea who he is.
If this boy is truly blessed enough with talent for the great Shiron to
take him under her wing, surely someone must have heard of him.
"I saw them linking arms earlier... He had himself sandwiched right
up against that massive rack..."
"That lucky dog. What's Ms. Shiron doing with a skeevy little nobody
like him?"
"Look, she's young, and young people make mistakes. That's why it's
on us to show her a better path."
There are tons of people who would be all too happy to trick a naive
young artist and make bank off their talents.
The gazes resting on Shiron's apprentice are already steeped in
animosity.
As the air sits thick with tension, the boy plants his fingers on the
keys.
"Moonlight Sonata, huh...?"
Why that piece, though?
Out of all of Shiron's pieces, that one's hardly the most notable or
best respected.
And yet...
"It's so beautiful...," someone murmurs.
The music is sharp. Polished.
It's like it's carving away all the dregs of life one by one. The only
things that can exist in his music are the things he lets exist there.
Page | 53
His audience is so enraptured by his performance, they close their
eyes.
And when they do, the moon's light fills the world.
When I finish the performance and rise from my seat, I'm greeted by
a thunderous round of applause.
Heh-heh-heh, you see that?
Now, you know the power of a Moonlight Sonata specialist. I've
practiced that piece in my head so much I could play it in my sleep.
I bow to the audience and make my way back to Epsilon, who's
clapping so hard I'm afraid her hands might explode.
"Oh, goodness me! I'm so moved, it feels like the deluge of tears will
never cease! There isn't a person in this room who'll ever forget the
moment they got to hear the world-famous Moonlight Sonata
distilled to its finest form!"
Classic Epsilon. She's a bona fide master when it comes to wildly
over-the-top reactions.
Perv steps in and asks a question I'd rather he didn't. "That
performance was so exquisite it was like I could see the moonbeams
stream down from above. I'm sorry I ever doubted you. Might you do
me the honor of telling me your name, my young pianist friend?"
"He's still in training, but I would be more than happy to introduce
him to you once he's ready to go out on his own," Epsilon replies.
"Oh, but we're all just dying to know who he is."
Ah, right, the Oriana Kingdom has this patronage system that they're
super into.
Page | 54
"As a student, I really shouldn't...," I tell him.
"And there you have it, I'm afraid," Epsilon says.
"A shame, that." Perv bows. "Still, the performance was sublime."
Suddenly, I spot a weird bulge in one of his pockets. It catches my
interest, so I casually pull a quick one and yoink it.
It turns out to be a small box.
I peek inside, and hello, hello, hello. My good friend Perv, I do
believe this is a ring.
Obviously, it must be his wedding ring.
It's not like he's gonna end up needing it, so I'll do everyone a solid
and pawn it so it doesn't go to waste.
I use Epsilon's slime boobs as cover while I quietly fish out the ring,
but I end up feeling kinda bad for Perv, so I decide to at least return
the box to where I found it.
It wasn't without its hiccups, but I successfully passed myself off as
Epsilon's apprentice. Now, I'm in the castle's music room.
"Would you two like some tea?"
"Later, perhaps."
I keep an eye out for an opportunity to slip away as I pretend to help
Epsilon with her rehearsal, but the castle's maids are sticking to us
like glue.
I could run so fast they wouldn't see me leave, but that would be
pretty suspicious of me in its own right.
Page | 55
"Master Shiron," I say, "we've come all this way. Would it be all right
if I took a look around the castle?"
"Oh, that's right," Epsilon replies. "I'd forgotten it was your first time
here. Go ahead. It'll be a good experience for you."
Thanks to our mediocre ad-lib, I successfully escape—
"I can give you a tour!"
—but one of the maids butts in, and my success turns to failure in a
heartbeat.
"I'll be fine on my own, but thanks."
"Oh, please, you're Ms. Shiron's apprentice. We could never neglect
you like that." The maid's hair is madder red, and a smile spreads
across her face like a flower coming into bloom. She walks over to
me. "Please, follow me."
"You'll be in good hands. Margaret is a veteran," another maid
offers. "On some days, she's even entrusted with working in Princess
Rose's room."
Apparently, little miss madder hair is named Margaret.
Margaret sidles right up next to me. "It's my honor to serve."
Page | 56
Page | 57
Eh, this is fine. I can just ditch her midway through the tour by
pretending to take a wrong turn.
Plus, I do kinda want to ask her about Rose.
"...All right, lead the way."
"Take care," Epsilon says.
I sense a wave of hostility, and when I turn around, I find her smiling
and glaring daggers at Margaret.
"And this is the Oriana Castle's famous rose garden."
My guide leads me to a magnificent collection of rose bushes.
Even though it's winter, the garden is warm, and its multichromatic
flora is in full bloom.
"There's an artifact installed underground that regulates the
garden's temperature."
"Oh, huh."
I usually couldn't care less about flowers, but the contrast between
the white snow piled up on the castle and the vivid flowers in here is
striking enough that even I'm impressed.
Margaret turns back and looks at me. "A-and might I mention—your
performance earlier was heart-stirring!"
"Nah, I'm sure it wasn't all that."
Page | 58
"No, it was! Before long, I'm sure you'll be one of the greatest
pianists around! That was the best rendition of Moonlight Sonata
I've ever heard!"
"Ha-ha-ha. I still have a lot to learn."
"Not at all! Ms. Shiron is being too hard on you!"
"I dunno about that..."
"She is, I'm certain of it! Someone with your talent is wasted on her."
"I definitely don't know about that."
"I couldn't help but overhear Earl Parton, and he said that you
caught his eye! If you worked as a pianist for an earl, your annual
salary would be at least one hundred million zeni."
"Wait, a hundred million? And that's every year?"
Margaret nods with a gleeful smile. "Marquis Newwealth had high
praise for you as well. Your seventy million–zeni salary with him
would come out a little lower than the earl's, but the concerts the
marquis holds are attended by many of the biggest names in music.
If fame is what you're after, you definitely want to go with the
marquis!"
"One hundred million zeni, you say..."
Honestly, becoming a musician might not be a bad path to take.
I mean, pianist by day, eminence in shadow by night? I do like the
sound of that.
The problem is, I'd have to start practicing stuff other than
Moonlight Sonata.
"A-and there's also, um...my family!"
"Huh?"
Page | 59
"You could come work for my parents! The starting salary is usually
only fifty million, but I'm sure I could get Dad to pay you seventy!"
"You'd do that?"
"I would, absolutely! I would move heaven and earth for you. What
do you say?"
"Huh?"
Margaret grabs me by the hand and leads me behind a rosebush.
She lowers her voice and whispers in my ear. "Just between you and
me, I'm on very good terms with both Earl Parton and Marquis
Newwealth, and my family puts a great deal of trust in me as well. If
you leave everything to me, I can make things go just the way you
like."
"Huuuh?"
Margaret presses my arm against her chest.
These puppies are 0 percent slime.
"What will it be? I recommend my family, of course. There, I could be
by your side every step of the way."
She tilts her head and looks up at me coquettishly.
"But what about Master Shiron...?"
"Ms. Shiron is a hog who wants to keep her adorable apprentice all
to herself. Just earlier, she was glaring at me like you wouldn't
believe."
"Uh-huh..."
"Don't you worry about a thing. Just leave it all to me, and I'll back
you up with everything I have. How does that sound?"
So, this is how they play things in the Oriana Kingdom.
"By the way, I heard you were Princess Rose's maid?"
Page | 60
I slip gracefully from Margaret's grasp.
I've got no plans to go down the path of the musician just yet.
"What? But...how did you—?"
"Where is she, I wonder?"
Margaret petulantly puffs up her cheeks. "Interested in Princess
Rose, are we?"
"Who wouldn't be, with all the rumors flying around?"
"For the record, I despise Rose Oriana."
"Huh."
"I was her personal maid up until she transferred to that academy in
Midgar. She was always a little odd, but she was kind, and smart, and
loved by all. That's why it stung so badly when she betrayed us."
"What'd she do?"
"She plunged the kingdom into chaos, that's what she did. Nobody
acknowledges her as the rightful queen anymore."
"Ah, I see."
"Don't tell anyone I said that, though." Margaret gives me another
sunny smile. "Now, you wanted to know where her room was?"
"Yeah."
"I'm afraid...that's a secret."
"Figures."
I knew there was no way she would just up and tell me, but a guy's
gotta try.
"I mean, of course I can't tell you. But... But, but, but... Maybe, since
it's you..."
Margaret squeezes my hand and looks deeply into my eyes.
Page | 61
She brings her face right up to mine. I can feel her breath as she
speaks.
"Princess Rose's room is on the top floor of that tall spire over there.
This can be our little secret."
She just up and told me.
Sharing a secret with someone is a classic con man trick. If you're in
the market for getting someone's trust and getting it fast, I highly
recommend trying it.
"Thanks."
"Don't tell anyone else, okay? You're the only one who can know.
Just you, okay? You know, because you're so special."
And trying to make me feel special, too? This girl's putting on quite
the show.
"I-it really would mean a lot to me if you at least came and visited my
parents."
"I will definitely, absolutely consider it."
"Hey, what're you two doing back there?!"
I turn in the direction the shout came from and find an angry-looking
guard glaring at us.
With all the hand-holding and eye-gazing we're doing, we probably
make for quite the eyesore.
"All right, you little creep, you're coming with me."
"H-he's Ms. Shiron's apprentice—!" Margaret cries.
"I wasn't asking you! And you," the guard says, turning back to me,
"get your ass over here already!"
His face is as red as a tomato, and he's pissed as all hell.
Page | 62
"I think I'd better go with him," I say to Margaret. "You just wait
here, all right?"
"I'm so sorry about this. If he does anything to you, anything at all,
you tell me, okay? I hate that man's guts."
"You do?"
"I always catch him staring at me. It creeps me out."
She glares at the man. Her gaze is filled with heartfelt loathing.
"Don't make me say it again, you!" he roars at me.
"Coming!" I jog over to the guard.
"Over here."
"You got it, boss."
The guard drags me behind a nearby building.
"You have any idea who I am? I'm Kevin. The guard."
As he introduces himself, he grabs me by the collar.
"Nice to meet you, Kevin the guard."
"You think this is funny? What're you supposed to be, some sorta
musician? Must be nice, huh?"
"I'm sorry."
Apparently, Kevin is real peeved.
"We're out here protecting the country, you know. You people call
us dark knights 'barbarians,' but we're the ones putting our lives on
the line for you. So why is it you guys are always the ones who get
the pretty girls waiting on them hand and foot?"
"I'm sorry."
Sounds like he's got a lot to get off his chest.
Page | 63
With people like these, the best strategy is to just apologize over and
over while you think about something else.
"C'mon, piano boy, gimme your best shot! Let's see how good your
precious music is at taking down a filthy barbarian dark knight!"
"I'm sorry."
I found out where Rose is, so I really wanna go visit her.
"Ha, what a joke! A musician can't beat a dark knight, and you know
it! The arts aren't worth shit!"
"I'm sorry."
Margaret can't see us from here, so now's my perfect chance to
pretend to get lost.
"I don't ever wanna see you around Margaret again, you hear? Me
and her, we're in love with each other!"
"I'm...sorry?"
"What, you got a problem with that?"
"You're...in love with each other?"
"You're damn right we are! She and I pledged a vow!"
"But Margaret said she kept catching you staring at her."
"Every day, we reaffirm our love by looking at each other from across
that flower garden! I gaze at her, and Margaret looks away bashfully!
But she's so into me, she can't help but snatch glances anyways! Oh,
my sweet Margaret... Why, she's lovelier than the flowers!"
"So, you just look at each other?"
"True love doesn't need words!"
"Have you ever talked to her?"
Page | 64
"I talked to her just now, didn't I?! I mean, sure, it was for the first
time, but you could see how head over heels she was for my
manliness!"
"Uhhh..."
"What, you got some sorta problem with that?"
"I was just, uh, blown away by how free and unorthodox your
relationship is. I can see that what you two have really is true love."
"That's what I'm sayin'. Now, don't you ever talk to her again! I'll tell
her you ran off, so go on and scram!"
You're the man, Kevin. Thanks to you, I'm finally free.
"Y-y-yessir! I wish you two all the happiness in the world!"
After letting out an incredibly forgettable yelp, I head off to visit
Rose.
Rose sits by the window and looks despondently up at the heavens.
It's almost as if the ash-gray winter sky is a reflection of her own
heart.
Rose agreed to marry Perv in exchange for her mother's safety.
She managed to save her mother. However, she has no idea if she'll
be able to save the kingdom.
The Shadow Garden will probably make a move before long.
Although she had her reasons, the fact remains that Rose disobeyed
a superior officer. She has little doubt that they'll brand her as a
traitor.
And the Cult of Diablos is going to make a move, too. They're
definitely up to something.
Page | 65
The Oriana Kingdom is about to become a mere stage for those two
powerful forces to clash.
However, Rose is under house arrest. She's helpless to do anything
but stare at the ashen sky.
"Cid..."
Whenever she feels like things are too much to bear, she thinks of his
face.
Tap.
Someone knocks on her window.
She heads over and looks outside, and when she does—
"It can't be... Cid...?"
—she sees the very boy she's been dreaming of.
Her cheeks flush as she stares at the dark-eyed, black-haired youth.
She wonders if she's dreaming. She was so sure she'd never get a
chance to see him again.
"Rose..."
She can feel the heat in his gaze. Even just looking at each other is
enough to convey the depths of their passion.
She's positive that in that moment, he's thinking the exact same
thing she is.
Her heart feels like it's going to beat out of her chest.
She wants nothing more than to hold him tightly to her and to run
away with him.
But she can't.
Page | 66
"...Get inside already. It'd mean big trouble if anyone spots you." She
forces herself to act cold and detached. "Why? Why come? Why do
something so dangerous?"
"I needed to see you. I became a pianist's apprentice so I could sneak
in."
"You would go that far? For me...?"
She's on the verge of bursting into tears.
He crossed national borders, won over a famous pianist, and
infiltrated the castle—all for her.
She can only imagine how much he must have gone through on his
journey.
The sheer amount of work it would've taken to get an apprenticeship
from a pianist skilled enough to get into the castle is almost
unthinkable.
"I wanted to talk to you about the wedding," he says.
"Th-there's nothing to talk about..."
She loves him, and that's why she has to push him away.
The two of them are doomed to never be together. The least she can
do is keep him out of harm's way.
"I mean, it's not actually happening, is it?"
There's a pleading look in his eyes. He wants so badly for her to deny
that it's happening.
He wants her to say that he's right, she isn't marrying Perv. She's
marrying him, instead.
"I-it's true, all of it. I'm marrying Duke Perv of my own free will."
Her voice trembles.
Tears finally start streaming from her eyes.
Page | 67
She turns her face and wipes them away before he has a chance to
notice.
"No..."
He sounds like he's just been told the world is ending.
Rose screams internally.
Having to hurt the boy she loves like this cuts her to her core.
"What was it all even for, then?!" he cries.
He's talking about the fateful day when he and Rose pledged their
love to each other. Now, Rose has broken that pledge.
"Please," she chokes. "Just move on and forget about me..."
The tears won't stop.
She can't bear to hurt him any more than she has already.
"No. I refuse to give up."
"Oh, Cid..."
"What happened to you, Rose?! This country looks down on dark
knights, but you didn't let that stop you. You became one anyways.
Nobody supported you or understood you. It must've been lonely,
but you followed your dreams anyways! You and me, we're the
same."
"You mean...you went through the same thing?"
"I have a dream that nobody could understand, so I get how you feel
better than anyone."
Rose can tell exactly what that dream of his is. She doesn't need to
hear him say it to know.
The two of them are dreaming of the exact same thing. Cid's dream
is Rose's, and Rose's dream is Cid's.
Page | 68
That dream is for the two of them to be wed in holy matrimony.
Even the mere idea of a low-ranked noble like him marrying an
Oriana princess is too ridiculous for words.
However, Rose refuses to make light of his feelings.
Those feelings were born of the love they had for each other.
"I understand your dream, Cid! Even if the world turns its back on
you, I'll always respect it!"
"You might, but society never will. They'll call me an idiot, or a
nutjob, or they'll tell me to grow up already. The masses don't look
kindly on people like me."
"Let them say what they like! None of that changes how pure your
feelings are!"
"Rose..."
Rose can feel the passion smoldering in his gaze.
True love doesn't need words. She can tell how he feels just by the
way he looks at her.
"You and I, we chose to follow our dreams," he says. "We didn't care
what obstacles stood in our way or who mocked us. So why're you
giving up on your dream now?!"
Rose's voice cracks. "I—I'm...I'm not..."
"You stabbed your fiancé and killed your dad, the king. And I'm not
gonna ask you why you did that. You know why? Because I believe in
you, and I believe that you did it because you were heeding your
convictions and following your dreams."
"Cid..."
"So, I have to know. Why abandon your dream now?"
***
Page | 69
"I mean, you ran your fiancé through, and now you're marrying him?
How is that not giving up on your dream?! You fought so hard for it!
So, why? Why give up now?!"
***
Rose bites her lip. She has no answer to that.
She knows better than anyone that this isn't how she wanted her life
to play out.
However, what option does she have but to sacrifice herself to keep
the people she loves safe?
"Just forget you ever met me!" she cries. "As long as you're happy,
that's all that matters!"
"I'll never give up. Not even if it means turning the world against
me."
"I don't have anything more to say to you. Please, just leave..."
Rose shoves Cid out the window and locks it behind him.
Then, she crumples with her back to the wall and starts sobbing.
Why should two people who love each other as much as they do
have to get torn apart like that? Why can't her dream of marrying
him come true?
Rose weeps at how cruel destiny is. At how cruel reality is.
A short while later, there's a knock on her door.
"Coming."
She wipes her tears dry and opens it.
Duke Perv comes in.
"I thought I heard voices."
"A-as you can see, I'm the only one in here."
Page | 70
"...Hmm."
Perv pushes her aside and inspects the room.
He looks under the bed, opens her closet, and glances out her
window.
"So you are," he remarks.
Rose breathes a sigh of relief. "That's why I said it."
"I can see you've been crying. That must be what I heard."
He caresses Rose's puffy red eyelids with his finger.
She swats away his hand. "Don't touch me!"
"Come now, that's no way to be. We're about to get married, you
know."
"Only on paper."
"Know your place!"
He slaps Rose across the cheek.
She glares at him. "........."
"Don't forget—Queen Reina's life is in your hands."
Rose hangs her head and bites her lip. "...Yes, sir."
"That's what I like to hear. As long as the marriage goes through, I
can guarantee nothing will happen to her."
He wraps his arm around her shoulders.
Her cheek twitches.
"Now, I hear they finished your dress for the big day. Isn't that
exciting? Let's go try it on, shall we?"
"...Yes, sir."
Page | 71
Rose bites down harder on her lip and allows Perv to escort her out
of the room.
Then...
"Ah, so that's what's going on."
The room should by all rights have been empty, yet an averagelooking boy with black hair and dark eyes stands there all the same.
He helps himself to the room's tea set, pouring himself a cup before
reclining on the sofa.
"Her mom got taken hostage, huh?"
He crosses his legs and begins wolfing down the pastries he finds on
the table, in an act of base thievery.
"Well, that makes things nice and simple. Damn, these things are
choice. Where do they get off, squandering the taxpayers' hardearned money on luxury snacks like these?"
After chugging down more tea and stuffing his cheeks full of pastries,
he draws the curtain on his elegant little one-man tea party.
With a few nonsensical final words, he leaves the room. "Whew.
Don't you worry, good people of Oriana. I avenged your misspent
taxes for you."
A short while later, a completely innocent guard named Kevin will
get suspended from his duties for stealing food.
Page | 72
Page | 73
Page | 74
Chapter 2: Begin Operation: Obstruction!
"You know, I think this is the first time you've failed a mission."
Epsilon raises a wineglass to her lovely lips as she gazes down at the
Oriana night skyline.
"My deepest apologies."
Number 559—Victoria—stands beside her.
The two of them are in the Super Royal Suite at the Mitsugoshi
Deluxe Hotel right beside their Oriana Kingdom branch store.
The room's furnishings practically scream classy, and the window has
a gorgeous view of the entire royal capital.
A single night there costs a million zeni and is restricted solely to
nobles, and yet even so, it's booked solid for the next year.
"I saw your report on Number 666," Epsilon comments.
"She needs to be dealt with promptly."
"While I agree that her actions were rash, I think it's a bit premature
to be branding her a traitor."
"But..."
"Your loyalty is admirable, but you have a tendency of getting
overzealous. I plan on having you stand shoulder to shoulder with
the Seven Shadows someday. Don't let me down."
Number 559 squeezes her fists tight. "...Yes, ma'am."
"Also, the fault for the operation's failure doesn't fall solely on you. I
didn't warn you about Number 666's mother, and that's on me."
"That's—"
Page | 75
"I never imagined that Queen Reina would be at Fort First. I should
never have let those two meet, and for that, I take full
responsibility."
"You don't—"
"I was never going to lie to her, but I was hoping we could wrap
things up without her having to learn the truth." Epsilon takes a sip
of her wine. "I understand Master Shadow has taken point on the
matter?"
"That's correct. He was furious. He said what she did was
'unacceptable.'"
"Interesting. He made contact with Number 666 earlier today, you
know."
"Our lord works fast."
"So he does. But he didn't execute her."
"He must be after something," Number 559 surmises. "He might plan
on tailing her. Or perhaps he has some even deeper reason..."
"I haven't the faintest. There are some vistas only Master Shadow
can see." Epsilon shakes her head. The gesture is tinged with
sadness.
"His must be a truly lonesome view."
"Indeed it is. And in spite of that solitude, he fights more nobly than
any. That's what makes him Master Shadow."
Victoria wipes the tears welling in the corner of her eye. "Master
Shadow..."
"Whatever our lord's plans are for Number 666, we follow his lead.
The problem is that ring you saw back in the ruins."
Number 559 grimaces in chagrin. "We should have retrieved it then
and there."
Page | 76
"That would have been better, yes. You made the right call, though.
That ring was the key."
"So, the Cult's really after the Black Rose?"
"It certainly looks that way," Epsilon replies.
"In that case, we need to get the ring back quickly."
"We have to play it smart. If we corner them, they're liable to use
the key, and if the legends are true, that would mean the Oriana
Kingdom will—"
"Is the Black Rose really that dangerous?"
"There's an old story about how Oriana was on the verge of
destruction. That is, until they used the Black Rose to kill the hundred
thousand Velgaltan soldiers besieging its capital in a single night.
That tale is no mere children's story."
"The power that would require..."
"I've gotten in touch with Alpha, and she's gathering more
personnel. Once we're ready, we'll—"
Suddenly, the two of them are interrupted.
The door swings open, revealing Cid wearing a bathrobe.
"Whew, that was an awesome soak. Nothing beats a private open-air
bath."
He plops himself down on the room's posh sofa, looking as pleased
as punch.
"We'll finish this discussion later," Epsilon says quietly. Then, she
goes and scooches right next to Cid. "Would you like something to
drink?" she asks him.
"A coffee milk would totally hit the spot, yeah."
Page | 77
Epsilon goes and gets a bottle from the refrigerator artifact. "What
about something to eat with it? I can call up room service."
"I could go for a light snack, sure. Ooh, like that roast beef we had for
dinner. That stuff was great."
"Ah, the Mitsugoshi five-star beef? If I may, it goes quite nicely in a
sandwich."
"Cool, I'll get a roast beef sandwich, then. And also a regular roast
beef. Oh, and a fruit platter on the side, too."
"We'll get them sent up at once."
Number 559 rings a bell and conveys the order to an employee.
Cid takes the milk bottle from Epsilon and takes a big swig. "Whew.
Coffee milk after a warm bath, doesn't get better than this."
"Here, let me massage your shoulders," Epsilon offers.
"Wow, that brings me back. Back when I lived with my folks, you
used to make me tea every day while I lazed about."
"It was nice, being together all the time back then."
"This is paradise." Cid closes his eyes in bliss. "And you're sure I don't
have to pay for any of this?"
"Oh, of course not."
"Not even the room service?"
"No, no, the room service is free as well."
"Thanks, Epsilon. You're a lifesaver."
"I—I... Y-y-you're too kind."
Epsilon hangs her head. She's bright red from the ears down.
Then, Number 559 joins in on the massage-giving. "Let me get your
feet."
Page | 78
Cid relaxes with the laziest expression imaginable on his face.
However, Epsilon and Number 559 know full well that this isn't the
real him.
The average Joe they're looking at is nothing more than a role he
plays. Shadow, the ever-dignified lord and master of the Shadow
Garden, is the person he is deep down inside.
By habitually pretending to be a hapless background character, he's
able to move about as he pleases without anyone taking notice or
suspecting a thing.
However, it also means he always has to be "on," never getting so
much as a moment's rest.
Epsilon wants to give him a brief moment of tranquility, even if she
knows it can't last long. She nestles as close to him as she can.
"About the you-know-what..."
Despite Epsilon's hopes, though, Cid starts talking about work. A
twinge of sadness runs through her as she presses her slime against
the back of his head.
"...it looks like I'll be able to settle things pretty quickly."
"Goodness me. It hasn't even been a full day."
"My infiltration and investigation went off without a hitch. The only
thing left to do is nip the problem at its source, and the mission will
be complete."
"I take it you settled things with her, then?"
"Yeah. When I get involved, I get results."
Epsilon blushes a little, spellbound by the confidence in his voice.
"You never fail to impress, Master Shadow. In just one day, you've
already figured out everything and found a path to the solution..."
"Of course. The feats I'm capable of strike fear into even the gods."
Page | 79
"E-even the gods?!" Epsilon cries. "I had no idea you had reached
such a level! Consider me in awe, my lord!"
"Heh. I can knock a god out with just a single finger."
"A-a single finger?! That's incredible!"
"Heh-heh-heh. If I get a chance, I'll show you some time."
Epsilon's and Number 559's eyes sparkle.
That's their Master Shadow—doing the impossible and making it
look easy!
The cool morning sunlight washes over me as I make for Oriana
Castle.
Last night, I got to stay the night at a swanky suite for free. Can I get
a hell yeah?
The breakfast this morning was buffet-style, which was excellent,
and between that, the quick soak I took, the sauna, and the massage,
I can't think of a better way to start the day.
I'd say that it's nice to have friends with connections, but from what I
hear, Mitsugoshi is thinking of opening a line of beauty salons
catering to the wealthy. They're probably just using me as a guinea
pig.
Plus, they based practically all of this stuff off the stories I told them
about cosmetic surgery and cosmetology. Now, they're planning on
making money hand over fist off my knowledge.
"It's fine, it's fine. I've got my happiness, and you can't buy that with
money."
I'm not sour about it. No way. Not me.
Page | 80
Now, Epsilon's got work this afternoon, so it looks like I'm flying solo.
Thanks to my investigation yesterday, I discovered that Rose is only
going along with the wedding because her mom's been taken
hostage. All I have to do is save Queen Reina to snap Rose out of her
funk, kill Perv, and seize the throne.
It's the perfect solution. Sometimes, life throws you an easy one.
"First things first, let's figure out where Queen Reina actually is..."
I can picture it now—the eminence in shadow swoops in, conducts a
flawless rescue op from the shadows, and fuels the birth of a
legendary monarch.
"Heh-heh-heh..."
My status as Epsilon's apprentice lets me stroll right on into the
castle, and loads of people greet me as I head to the music room. My
cover is that I'm heading there to tune the piano.
I gotta say, though, this place is seriously hardcore about their art
and culture stuff. I had no idea I was gonna pull so much attention as
a mere fake apprentice.
"Mr. Apprentice!"
Margaret is in front of the music room. When she spots me, she jogs
over and gets right up in my personal space.
"Are you okay?! After yesterday, I mean."
"Yeah, I'm aces."
"I was so worried for you, I couldn't sleep last night. That rotten
guard..."
"Ha-ha, it's all good."
"You're not hurt, are you? I swear, if that miserable wretch harmed
your fingers, I'll make sure he never wakes up again..."
Page | 81
"I'm fine, really."
"Oh, thank goodness. Your fingers are more valuable than a guard's
life, after all."
"For sure, for sure."
"There's nothing for you to worry about, though. The horrible guard
isn't here anymore."
"Huh?"
"He was caught stealing food, so he got reassigned." She grins. "I was
the one who reported him!"
"Man, what kind of asshole goes and steals food?"
"All those times he gave me those creepy looks, he must've been
looking for an opportunity to do his crimes. That's how I knew it was
him."
"Wait, so you didn't actually catch him in the act?"
"I didn't, but...I knew he was the one who did it, so I got everyone
together so we could get our stories straight first."
"Oh, clever."
"I mean, the brute ate up all the tea and pastries in Princess Rose's
room. Can you believe it?"
"Damn, that's messed up."
Hmm?
Now that she mentions it, I feel like I might've done the exact same
thing yesterday, but...nah, probably just a coincidence.
"I did it all for you, Mr. Apprentice. I'm not going to let anything
happen to you."
"Aw, thanks."
Page | 82
"By the way...did you and Ms. Shiron not come together today?"
Thump.
Margaret shuts the music room's door behind us.
"Nope."
"In that case, what would you say to a meeting with Earl Parton?"
She closes in on me.
"I dunno..."
I deftly retreat backward. My footwork is impeccable.
"Why not?! And why is it I can't reach you?! I—I—I can get you an
appointment with Marquis Newwealth, too, you know!"
"I'm still not a proper pianist yet."
"Y-you're a fantastic pianist! Tch, you're so fast! And it isn't just your
speed, your movements are so smooth and efficient!"
"Nah, I'm really not all that."
"Ms. Shiron is just using you! You have all that talent, and she's
perfectly happy letting it all go to waste. Tch, you're so far away...but
a good maid never gives up!"
Despite being out of breath, Margaret refuses to throw in the towel.
"You, uh—"
"I'm sorry, what was that about someone wasting someone's
talent?"
The music room door swings open. Epsilon is standing behind it.
Margaret's smile stiffens for a brief moment, but she quickly
recovers and curtsies to Epsilon.
"Why hello, Ms. Shiron. I thought you weren't planning on arriving
until this afternoon."
Page | 83
"I wasn't, but then I got this niggling worry that someone might be
bothering my adorable little apprentice and getting in the way of his
work."
"In that case, ma'am, I'm glad to let you know that your concerns
were unfounded."
"Oh, I think they were quite founded."
The two of them cross their arms in sync.
The music room is seized by a peculiar silence.
"Would you mind?" Epsilon eventually says. "My apprentice and I
need to get ready for work."
"In that case, I'll brew you some tea."
"Are you really going to make me spell it out for you? Do you have a
field of flowers growing where your brain should be or something?"
"If you're in the market for flowers, might I interest you in the royal
flower garden?"
"Listen here, you flower-brained child: You're a nuisance. Get lost."
"Eep, she's scary! Save me, Mr. Apprentice!"
Margaret scuttles over behind me—
"Now you see who Ms. Shiron really is."
—and whispers furtively in my ear.
"I can hear you, you know," Epsilon replies.
"Remember, Mr. Apprentice, I'm on your side. For now, though,
you'll have to excuse me."
With that, Margaret—recognizing that the tides have turned against
her—beats a tactical retreat.
Page | 84
Epsilon sighs. "Her country's on the verge of war, and she's acting
like she doesn't have a care in the world."
"Yeah, the people here hardly even seem tense."
"This nation's aristocrats despise violence and adore the arts, just as
they have throughout Oriana's history. And all because of the Black
Rose..."
"A black rose, hmm? I'd love to see one of those."
The royal garden had all sorts of roses, but no black ones.
"Gasp! You plan on actually witnessing the Black Rose?!"
"Of course."
I mean, I came all this way to the Oriana Kingdom. If they've got cool
rare black roses, I definitely want to check 'em out.
For some reason, Epsilon starts muttering some stuff I can't make
heads or tails of. "But... The total destruction... And it's so
dangerous... On the other hand, this is Master Shadow we're talking
about..."
"What's wrong, Epsilon?"
"No, it's nothing. If that is what you would choose, Master
Shadow..."
"Yeah, obviously I'm gonna choose to see the black roses."
She drops to a kneel. "As... As you wish, my lord!"
That's Epsilon for you. She always makes a huge deal out of
everything, even something as simple as going to look at a couple of
flowers.
"By the way, do you know where Queen Reina's room is?"
"The queen? Ah, so that's your angle." She smiles meaningfully.
"Yup, that's my angle."
Page | 85
"For the queen's room, you'll want to go..."
After she tells me where Queen Reina's room is, I slip out of the
music room. On my way there, I keep an eye out for any black roses.
I don't end up spotting any black roses, but I find the queen's room
pretty quickly.
Oddly, it doesn't look like anyone's guarding it. I peek in the window
and spot Queen Reina and Duke Perv.
"Huh?"
It looks like they're talking, but something feels off.
"Oh, Perv... Are you sure we can't make our love public yet?"
"Just a little longer, honey. We have to finish the wedding and get
what we need out of Rose first."
"Sometimes, it feels like you actually want to marry her..."
"No, no, honey. You're the only one I have eyes for."
"And you promise you'll kill Rose right away so we can get married?"
"Of course, honey."
Perv and the queen exchange a passionate kiss.
***
"Honey, it's time. Work calls."
"It's always the same with you. You say that, and then you go off to
see the girl. Still, I only have to put up with it for a little longer, so I'll
be patient for you. You'll come and visit me tonight, though, right?"
"Of course, honey. I'll see you then."
Page | 86
Queen Reina watches Perv leave the room with a great deal of
reluctance.
"Well, that's not good," I mutter to myself as I quietly step away
from the window.
Perv and Queen Reina are in cahoots.
In other words, saving the queen won't accomplish squat.
What to do, what to do...? Wait, that's it!
"I just have to tell Rose!"
When she finds out they've been pulling one over on her, flames of
rage will stir up within her and rouse her to action. I'm sure of it.
The plan is as follows.
Acting as Shadow, I'll carry Rose away tonight and take her to watch
Perv and Reina's little rendezvous.
"I can even say something cool like, 'It's time for you to see the
truth.'"
I'll get to be "the eminence in shadow who knows everything."
When Rose finds out her mother betrayed her, her rage will rouse
her into assuming her position as monarch.
"Then, I can say something badass like, 'Awaken, Monarch of
Demise.' Heh-heh-heh... A perfect plan if ever I heard one."
Now, all I have to do is withdraw for the time being and wait for
nightfall.
"Oh hey, it's Epsilon."
As I kill time by searching the castle for black roses, I spot Epsilon.
That's odd; I assumed she would still be in the music room.
For whatever reason, it looks like she's concealing her presence and
sneaking around.
Page | 87
I conceal my presence as well and creep up behind her as she picks a
door's lock.
"...There, open."
The moment the lock pops open, I call out to her. "Stop right there."
Epsilon immediately braces for battle, but upon seeing my face, she
breathes a sigh of relief. "I-impressive as always, Master Shadow... I
couldn't sense you at all. You were practically one with the air itself,
like you had become the embodiment of all creation. Your technique
awes me, my lord."
Never change, Epsilon. Never change.
"What were you doing?" I ask.
"I, er..." She awkwardly averts her gaze. I bet she was trying to loot
the place. "I can't find the key anywhere. I assumed Duke Perv would
have it, but my investigation revealed that all he had was an empty
case. The problem is, I have no idea where he hid it..."
She couldn't find the key, so she decided to pick the lock?
I guess there's a certain kind of perverse logic to that.
"We need to at least find out where it is, or we won't be able to deal
with any problems that might arise."
"There's no need to search for the key anymore, is there?"
"There isn't? Are you sure?!" she asks. She looks shocked.
"Obviously."
Why would you need the key when you've already picked the lock?
"You never fail to amaze, Master Shadow. I hadn't realized things
had already progressed that far... How far out would you have to
have seen to be able to prepare this? Truly, your eyes must hold the
spark of divinity. No, even that would fail to account for it... You are
Page | 88
by far the noblest man in all of creation, my lord, and being able to
serve you makes me the happiest person in all the world!"
I made the most basic observation possible, and you managed to
spin it into all that? If anyone never fails to amaze, Epsilon, it's you.
"So then, the preparations are all complete?" she asks.
"The preparations...? Of course."
My preparations for tonight are flawless. I'm gonna show Rose the
cold, hard truth.
"In that case, I'm going to head back and get ready for work."
"You do that."
With that, I leave Epsilon and the royal castle behind and kick up my
feet at the hotel until nightfall.
Rose waits nervously for the madder-haired maid to brew her tea.
When she takes a sip, it fills her mouth with a delightful floral flavor.
"This is wonderful. Thank you, Margaret."
***
Margaret doesn't reply.
She gets through her work dispassionately, ignoring Rose all the
while.
Rose stares sadly at her back. "Excuse me...Margaret?"
"If that's all you need me for, I'm going to take my leave."
"Um..."
As Rose fumbles over her words, Margaret exits the room.
Page | 89
The door clicks shut, and Rose lets out a sigh.
She and Margaret grew up together. She loves the way Margaret's
smile looks like a flower coming into bloom.
Now, though, Margaret doesn't smile at her anymore.
But that's fine.
Rose has decided that's she's going to save her mother, no matter
what it takes. If nothing else, she owes it to her father.
The cold night wind blows through her lonely room.
"I could have sworn I closed the window..."
Could it be? Is he here again?
Rose's pulse quickens. She knows she needs to stop seeing him, but
she can't help but hope anyway.
She calls out his name as she walks to the window. "Cid...?"
Suddenly, all the lights in the room go out, and a fierce presence
rises up to replace them and announce the advent of someone cut
from a different cloth.
She was wrong. It isn't him.
An ebony longcoat flutters in the moonlight.
"Shadow... M-Master Shadow," Rose murmurs blankly.
That man is like a god to the Shadow Garden. Sweat beads on her
hands from the tension.
"Have you...come to kill me?"
He's here to put down the traitor, no doubt.
She never imagined that he would actually be the one to do it
himself.
"I'm sorry..."
Page | 90
Rose owes the Shadow Garden a great debt. It saved her from
countless crises and lifted her up when she needed it most.
She grieves over the fact that, inadvertent as it was, she's repaid
their goodwill with treachery.
However, Shadow says something wholly unexpected.
"It's time for you to see the truth."
His voice booms deep as he presents his hand to Rose.
"What truth?"
"Grab hold."
The gleaming red eyes beneath his mask are fixed straight on her.
She's unable to refuse.
Rose goes with Shadow, and he takes her to one of the castle's
balconies. The nighttime wind is chilly against her skin.
"Wait, this is..."
It's her mother Queen Reina's bedroom.
"The truth lies beyond."
"Again, what truth?"
She doesn't understand what he means.
Apprehension and anticipation well up inside her. Her eyeballs
practically shake as she peers into the room.
"What...?"
What she sees inside shocks her to her core.
Page | 91
Illuminated by the dim light from the fireplace, Duke Perv and Queen
Reina are locked in an embrace.
Rose stares at them in a petrified daze.
"But...why?"
Queen Reina isn't resisting Duke Perv. To the contrary, she's
accepting him with open arms.
Rose can just barely make out their voices through the window.
"It won't be long until the kingdom is ours," the queen says.
"And it's all thanks to you, honey."
"All that work I put into drugging my idiot husband is finally going to
pay off. He did make for a good puppet, though, I'll give him that."
"It's a shame he got killed like that. We had so many plans for him..."
"See, this is why I told you we should've killed Rose from the get-go.
Think of all the extra work we had to do once she became his
successor—"
Rose can't bear to listen anymore.
She shrinks away from the window, though she can still see them
passionately making out through the curtains.
"This isn't happening..."
She trembles from head to toe, and her vision distorts. The whole
world seems to be spinning.
"It's the truth."
"No, it can't be... It isn't... My mother would never..."
She totters unsteadily across the balcony and leans against its
guardrail.
"Accept what you know to be true."
Page | 92
Shadow's voice sounds like it's coming from a million miles away.
"No... No, it isn't..."
"The time has come."
She can feel her consciousness slipping away.
"Remember what you saw. Remember what you must take."
"Oh..."
"The sword of rebellion must be—"
Amid the haze in her mind, all the pieces click into place. Now, she
understands why her mother was going along with the Cult's orders
back then...and why Number 559 was trying to kill her.
The moment it all becomes clear to her, she collapses like a rag doll.
Shadow looks down at her in surprise as her honey-blond hair splays
out across the balcony floor.
"Wait...you passed out? Right when things were getting good?"
Rose doesn't reply.
"Hey, what's up? You okay?"
He shakes her shoulders. Still nothing.
"The traitor is right there, though! This is your chance to kill her! I'll
even help!"
The wind blows, cold and lifeless.
Shadow tilts his head, looks up at the sky, and lets out a long, cloudywhite sigh. "Maaan... My perfect plan..."
He picks Rose up and, with a dejected slump of his shoulders, leaps
down from the balcony.
Page | 93
Did she go wrong somewhere?
Or was everything all messed up from the very beginning?
Images flash back through Rose's mind. She sees the dead faces of
her father and the Oriana soldiers.
What is it she's even been fighting for?
What was it they even died for?
And as for her father... Why? Just, why?
When Rose saw her mother kissing Perv, she felt like her entire life
had been a lie.
When she comes to, she finds herself in her own bed, staring up at
the ceiling. Her face is covered with dried tears; fresh ones flow over
them and wet her cheeks once more.
"I want to go back..."
She thinks of the days she spent at the Midgar Academy for Dark
Knights.
If only she could return to those days of blissful ignorance—those
days with him.
"Cid..."
What was it she was even trying to accomplish?
What is it she's been working toward?
Ever since she killed her father, she feels like her gears have been
slowly sliding out of alignment.
It was for the kingdom. It was for her father. For her mother. For
herself. All of that is true, and yet it all feels like lies, too.
Page | 94
She doesn't know what's true anymore. She doesn't know anything.
She wishes it were all just over.
But then, right as the despair starts sinking in...
...she hears a beautiful piano melody.
"Moonlight Sonata..."
It's a piece she'll never forget. She once heard Shadow himself play it
underground in Midgar.
This time, however, the person playing Moonlight Sonata on the
piano by the window is someone else.
It's an unremarkable, dark-haired boy.
"Cid...?"
Rose wonders if she's dreaming again.
She staggers over to him and reaches out to try and touch him.
Her hand brushes his cheek. The music stops.
It's not a dream. It's not an illusion. He's really there.
"Cid...do you want to run away together?"
He'll take her away from all of this. He'll take her to some far corner
of the world where nobody knows who she is, and the two of them
can get married and start a happy family there.
Rose has killed her father. She's been betrayed by her mother. She's
betrayed the Shadow Garden herself. She's been forsaken by her
people.
But him, he's the one person who'll never abandon her. No matter
what happens, he'll always stay by her side...or so she believes.
As long as she has him, she'll be fine.
"Cid..."
Page | 95
Her fingertips skim his lips, and his dark eyes meet hers.
They're as black as the darkest night.
The moonlight shines down on him as he softly speaks. "I really like
this piece. It makes the world make sense."
"How so...?"
She doesn't understand what he's trying to tell her.
"I see the world in two categories. Things that are important, and
things that aren't."
"...Why?"
"Because I have a dream that I can't achieve if I don't. There's only so
many hours in a day, only so much effort a person can give. That's
why I pour all of mine into what's important, and I cast everything
else aside."
Now, Rose gets it.
He's saying that he's sacrificed everything, all for her.
He crossed the border for her, he poured his sweat and blood into
learning the piano for her, and he snuck into the castle for her.
His actions speak volumes.
However, he can't come out and say it.
He doesn't want to put that kind of pressure on Rose.
Tears well up in Rose's eyes at how pure his love is.
"But it turns out, that's easier said than done. There's too much
static. The world is full of it, and it covers up those important things.
It's so easy for us to lose sight of what matters."
There's a strange depth to his eyes. Rose feels almost as though
she's being sucked in.
Page | 96
"The way I see it, the world is a little too bright. It shows you all
these things, but it shows you too many of them, and it makes you
lose sight of what's truly precious—just like you're losing sight right
now."
***
Rose killed her precious father. Her precious mother stabbed her in
the back.
What was it that really was precious?
Rose doesn't know anymore.
"It's so alarmingly easy for us to forget what our purposes in life are.
So, y'know..." He looks up at the moon hanging in the night sky.
"...This world is best under the moonlight. It forces us to strain our
eyes, and because of that, we're able to keep our sights fixed on
what's important. Under the moonlight, all we have to look at is
what's precious to us."
His fingers shift, and he continues playing Moonlight Sonata.
The moon's gentle light shines down upon the world, and the
beautiful notes fill Rose's ears.
From there, they reverberate through her body and sink deep into
her heart.
"What is it you see, in this moonlit world?"
With those final words, he vanishes.
There's nobody at the piano bench. It's like he was nothing more
than an illusion cast by the moon's light.
"Cid...?"
But he was no illusion.
Page | 97
A small ring sits on the bench where he just was. It shines in the
moonlight.
It's a wedding ring.
"Cid!"
Rose squeezes the ring tightly against her chest.
It's an artifact with an artistic design, and she can sense a bit of
magic coming from it. She can barely even imagine how expensive it
must have been. She can tell he put a lot of thought into choosing it.
He was trying to use it as a desperate attempt to convey his true,
irreplaceable love...
"What...?"
She looks up at the moon.
"What is it I see...?"
Its light feels impossibly kind.
"I lost the ring!" I lament as I soak in the open-air bath.
Talk about an upset.
I stuck it in my pocket and forgot about it, and before I knew it, it
was gone. I shoulda just pawned it as soon as I could. I wonder how
much I could've gotten for it.
"Eh, oh well."
Easy come, easy go.
I shake off the loss and look up at the night sky. Snow is starting to
fall.
"Man, what a great bath."
Page | 98
I did what I could to get through to Rose.
Nothing anyone said could've stopped me from working to become
an eminence in shadow, so if she's got the heart of a lion, I'm sure
she'll get back on her feet and raise the standard of rebellion.
The rest is up to her.
But on the other hand, if she doesn't get back on her feet...
"I'd better crash the wedding."
There's no two ways about it.
I can be the eminence in shadow who bursts into the wedding,
shoots off a couple profound quotes, and whisks the princess away.
"I trust the Mitsugoshi Deluxe Hotel's special Sky Bath is to your
liking?"
Epsilon comes in. She got me an exclusive reservation for the bath, of
course.
"The snow adds an elegant touch."
I wouldn't know elegance from a hole in the ground, but it sounds
cool to say.
"Shall I wash your back for you?"
"I already washed it, but thanks."
"Ah. What a shame."
Epsilon sits down next to me with a sploosh.
Seeing her fair skin sends a shiver down my spine.
"No...way."
She's developed her slime body to the point where it looks
indistinguishable from actual skin.
I can't help but take another look.
Page | 99
"Tee-hee-hee... That's a little embarrassing, you know."
"Ah, sorry."
As a fellow magic aficionado, though, I can't let her achievement go
unpraised.
The sheer degree of fine magical control, the molding, the secondary
texture adjustments... It's amazing how far she's pushed her work.
"Incredible stuff, Epsilon."
"Huh?"
I've said all that needs saying.
There are some things that simply don't need to be put into words.
"The snow is beautiful, isn't it?" she remarks.
"For sure."
The two of us sit side by side and take in the snowscape.
I decide to make some small talk about my day. "I got caught by
surprise today."
"Oh my. You're not hurt, I hope?"
"Nah, I'm fine."
"I should have known. Even if we searched the whole world over, we
would never find anyone who stood a chance against you, my lord."
"If she finds the will to stand back up, I expect her to raise the
standard of rebellion."
"You already know how everything will play out?!"
"The showdown will take place at the wedding."
I conjure a blade of magic and slice the moon's reflection on the
water's surface in twain.
Page | 100
A spray of water shoots up from the impact, causing the moonlight
to reflect every whichway.
"There...the lion will wake."
I smile meaningfully. I'm sure of it. She'll awaken, and she'll kill that
Perv guy dead.
Heh. That'll be a fun shock for the guests.
"The showdown will be at the wedding, you say? I'll make the
necessary preparations!"
Epsilon hurries out of the bath.
What preparations does she mean? Like, making sure she has some
popcorn ready?
"I should probably get out soon, too, huh?"
It isn't long before the wedding day arrives.
Page | 101
Page | 102
Page | 103
Chapter 3: Crashing the Ceremony!
Duke Perv stands on the second floor and gazes down at the
ceremonial hall.
"Our defensive perimeter is airtight, I assume?"
"Yes, sir."
"Well, make sure it stays that way. The Shadow Garden could be
planning something."
The Cult agent disguised as a guard bows to Perv, then leaves.
Word of the Shadow Garden's raid on Fort First has reached Perv's
ears.
The Cult took every precaution so as not to be detected, and yet
they'd been a hairbreadth away from having the Ring of Succession
stolen away from them anyway.
Once again, the Shadow Garden is being a thorn in Perv's side.
Shadow was the one who ruined his scheme back at the Bushin
Festival, too, and that's forced Perv's plan to take quite a detour. The
Cult is finally starting to get serious about wanting to crush the
Shadow Garden, but Perv has seen Shadow's prowess firsthand, and
he fears that the Cult is still underestimating the threat he poses.
As further proof of that, the Cult has yet to succeed in pinning down
the Shadow Garden's base of operations.
In fact, their intel on the Shadow Garden is lacking on all fronts. In
Perv's eyes, that's gross negligence on their part.
Even now, the Cult still believes its grip on the world is as firm as
ever.
Page | 104
"Still, I have the Ring of Succession. Once the right to succeed the
throne is mine, my plan will be complete. And as for the Shadow
Garden, we can drag the intel we need out of Rose Oriana."
He's run into all sorts of unexpected problems recently.
Using Queen Reina to turn King Oriana into a puppet was going
splendidly, but somehow, the king realized the danger he was in and
tampered with the Ring of Succession to transfer control of it over to
his daughter, Rose. Now, the only way for Perv to gain dominion over
the Ring is to marry the girl.
"All's well that ends well, though. Once this is over, I'll finally be able
to join the Rounds..."
Perv has it on good authority that the twelfth seat will be his if
everything goes smoothly in Oriana. He has the backing of Sir
Mordred, the ninth member of the Rounds, to thank for that.
In exchange, Sir Mordred will expect his support in the Cult's
upcoming internal power struggle.
Perv's track record will be the weakest in the Rounds, so he'll have to
play along for the time being. Once he becomes more powerful,
though, he should have little trouble currying favor with whatever
faction is currently in control.
That Cult is no monolith, and that fact gives rise to all sorts of
opportunities for advancement.
"As long as I have the Ring, I'll be fine..."
He retrieves a small box from his pocket. He's been careful not to let
it leave his person for even a moment because of the ring inside.
It's no mere wedding ring, of course. It's the Ring of Succession.
Confident of his victory, he smiles as he opens the box.
"...Huh?"
Page | 105
His smile vanishes in the blink of an eye.
The box is empty.
The ring is nowhere to be seen.
"Wait, what? No, no, no."
He checks under the lid, then his pockets, then the floor. The color
drains from his face.
"It's gone..."
The cold, hard truth hits him.
"I lost it..."
It was in there when he got the box. He made sure to check that.
Since then, the box has never left his person. There was never an
opportunity for it to go missing.
"H-how, then...?"
Queen Reina was the only one who knew where it was, but Perv has
a hard time imagining that she stole it. She doesn't have a motive.
In that case, is this the Shadow Garden's work?
Even if he assumes a man with Shadow's talents could have picked
his pocket, it doesn't make sense. If he had an opportunity like that,
he would've just killed Perv.
In that case, it must have been an inside job—the work of a faction
opposing Sir Mordred.
Stealing the ring and leaving the box had set a cruel trap for him.
Their wicked motives are as plain as day. They want to ruin Perv.
"I got played!"
The power struggle must already be underway.
Page | 106
At this rate, there's no way he'll be promoted to the Rounds. Instead,
Sir Mordred is going to kill him.
"Shit..."
A veritable waterfall of sweat begins cascading down his forehead.
He needs to search for the ring, but he can't use any Cult personnel
to do it. Their loyalties lie with Sir Mordred, and if Sir Mordred finds
out what happened, Perv is done for.
If his blunder gets exposed, he'll definitely, positively, certainly get
killed.
"I-I'll have to look for it on my own..."
Fortunately, he still has some time left before he actually needs the
ring.
If he comes up with some bullshit excuse, he can probably buy
himself three days before the handoff. That's what he'll do.
Then, right as Perv manages to start pulling himself together—
"Perv."
—Sir Mordred's voice echoes directly in his head.
"Ahhh!"
He's here.
Sir Mordred has come, and he's here.
"Rejoice. I've pulled all the necessary strings. Once this is over, the
twelfth seat is yours."
"I-it's an honor..."
"I'm expecting great things from you. Don't let me down."
"I—I would never dream of it..."
Perv heads to the ceremony in a daze. His mind is completely blank.
Page | 107
Rose ascends the exterior staircase leading up to the royal castle.
She looks utterly gorgeous in her pure-white wedding dress,
captivating everyone who lays eyes on her.
Throngs of Oriana citizens are gathered at the bottom of the stairs to
watch the proceedings. Rose hears both cheers and boos, but neither
capture her attention.
At the top of the stairs, her groom, Duke Perv, is waiting for her. He
seems vaguely out of sorts, but given how composed she's feeling,
Rose suspects she's just imagining things.
When she reaches the top, they're going to exchange their wedding
vows.
However, Rose's expression is bright and unclouded.
It was snowing last night, but the morning's arrival put an end to
that. Warm sunlight streams down from the clear blue sky.
She's done second-guessing herself.
She has no more regrets.
She's not afraid anymore.
She knows what it is she needs to do.
When she reaches the top of the stairs, she takes her spot beside
Perv.
Slightly confused at how ashen his face looks, she waits for the
moment to come.
After a sonorous hymn and a Bible reading from the priest, it's time
for the vows.
Page | 108
"Do you pledge to have each other, in sickness and in health, for
richer or poorer, to love and to cherish?"
Perv is the first to speak. "I do."
All eyes turn to Rose.
A quiet wind blows, sending her honey-blond hair asway. As it does,
she smiles—
"I do not."
—and speaks.
A stir runs through the crowd.
"Wh-what the hell do you mean?!" Perv shouts. His eyes are wide in
shock.
Rose turns to face her people. Her honey-yellow eyes gleam, like
she's just figured out what it is that's precious to her.
"I killed the king."
Her voice travels easily through the winter air.
All the chatter stops. The crowd is dead silent.
"I won't make excuses. I acknowledge it all. All the sin, all the
mistakes, everything. But there's one final thing I want to make very
clear."
Her wedding dress whirls as she points.
"You, Duke Perv, are guilty."
What runs through the crowd this time is less of a stir and more of a
storm.
"Of what? What crime would you accuse me of?!"
Page | 109
"You've violated the public trust. You manipulated your king, sullied
your queen, and plotted to overthrow the government. I accuse you
of high treason."
"Lies and slander! What proof do you have of any of that?!"
"None whatsoever," Rose says unashamedly. She has no intention of
dancing around the matter or of obfuscating it.
Perv lowers his voice. "Okay, enough screwing around. I've got a
hostage, remember?" he growls threateningly. "Take back what you
just said, say your vows like a good little girl, and I'm willing to
overlook what you just did."
Page | 110
Page | 111
Rose beams. Her smile is stunning enough to enchant any who
witness it. "I can't do that. I promised myself I would see my love
through, no matter the cost."
With that, Rose produces a ring from her pocket.
It's the wedding ring her beloved gave to her.
She blushes a little—
"H-h-how do you have that?!"
—and slides it onto her left ring finger.
The moment she does, it emits a blast of light.
The light is so blinding, it paints everything white and blots out the
tumultuous crowd down in the plaza.
"Wh—"
When the light dies down, an image of Oriana's late king hangs
projected in the sky.
"Fa...ther...?"
"What...the hell...?!"
Everyone present looks up in disbelief.
"By the time you all hear this declaration, I may no longer be with
you."
The king begins talking as though he's still alive.
However, his form is translucent, and the sky behind him is visible
through his body.
Page | 112
"Day after day, I can feel my mind wither away. It won't be long
before I lose myself entirely and end up getting used as a puppet.
Before that happens, though, I want to tell you the truth."
The image is giving King Oriana's testament.
"My decline is being caused by some sort of drug. Someone is
poisoning me. They could be mixing it into my water, they could be
slipping it into my food; I don't know. They might be administering it
some other way altogether. I ask my wife to secretly swap out my
meals, but it keeps happening. But while I don't know the method...I
do know the culprit. And it's Duke Perv."
Every pair of eyes is on Perv.
"S-such nonsense..."
"He's being backed by a powerful organization, and they're trying
to seize control of the Oriana Kingdom. I'm afraid I can't divulge the
organization's name. Still, I'm sure many of you must have found it
odd. How could Perv, the mere adopted son of Duke Asshat, have
reached such a distinguished position in Oriana in such a brief time
frame?"
From there, King Oriana begins exposing one after another of Perv's
schemes.
He details all the dirty tricks Perv used, lays out proof of his
wrongdoings, and lists the people Perv used as drugged puppets or
paid off to turn traitor.
Once he's finished, the king smiles gently.
"I plan on fighting to the bitter end to protect this nation, but even
if I fall, there's nothing for you to fear. When that happens, I leave
Oriana's future in the hands of my daughter, who I trust and adore
more than any other. No matter what happens, I want you all to
believe in her. She will be the one to lead our nation to greatness."
Then, he turns and looks at Rose.
Page | 113
It should just be an image. The man is long since dead.
However, the king's gaze is fixed on Rose all the same. It's almost as
though his soul is inhabiting the image, like a tiny part of him still
dwells in the ring.
The king calls her by name.
"Rose, I entrust the kingdom's future to you."
All of a sudden, Rose remembers everything.
Those are the exact same words as the final ones he said when she
stabbed him through the chest.
Her father loved her up to his dying breath.
"Father..."
She can feel a heat rising up inside her.
Large tears spill from her eyes, and the image of King Oriana fades
into the sky.
"This is absurd! Who would believe that drivel?!" Perv roars.
Rose shoots her piercing honey-yellow gaze straight at him. "As
Oriana's princess—I condemn you."
"Shut up, you! Guards, get over here! Seize this girl at once!"
Not a single person obeys his order.
The guards simply stare at him coldly.
"Wh-what is this? Why aren't they doing anything?!" Perv scans his
surroundings, spreading his arms wide as he shouts. "You're
abandoning me?! Throwing me to the wolves?! After all I've done for
the organization?!"
It's almost like he's directing his plea at someone the rest of them
can't see.
Page | 114
"It's over."
Rose flicks her arm as elegantly as if she were dancing.
When she does, a section of her wedding dress reverts to white
slime, then molds itself into a rapier.
She brandishes it.
"I hope you've made your peace, Duke Perv."
"You really think you can take me? Do you have any idea who I am?!"
With a look of pure rage, Perv draws his sword in turn.
A shrill noise rings out as the two blades meet.
"This isn't possible..." As the two of them stand with their blades
locked, Perv grimaces. "You're my equal?! When did you become so
strong?!"
"Oh, we're hardly equals."
The white rapier's first move sweeps Perv's sword to the side.
"Rgh..."
Its second is a slash that leaves white afterimages in its wake and
flips Perv's sword upward.
"How are you so fast...?!"
And its third...
Its third traces a gleaming ivory arc through the air as it runs Perv
through.
"This can't...be..."
Perv stares blankly at the rapier stabbing him in the chest.
"There was hesitation in your sword work," Rose says. "You'll never
cut anyone like that."
Page | 115
She wrenches her blade free, and Perv crumples powerlessly to his
knees.
"I was supposed...to join the Rounds... I can't...fall...here..."
Then, he finds a white rapier being pressed against his throat.
"It's no use... If you kill me...he will just—"
"What do you mean, 'he'?"
Perv looks up at her with bloodshot eyes. "Heh-heh... His name...is
Mor— GYAAAH!"
Out of nowhere, Perv's eyes bulge as wide as they can possibly go.
He coughs up a huge blood clot.
Rose shrinks back. "What...? Why?"
As she does, Perv's severed head rolls off his body.
It tumbles over to the stairs, then begins plopping its way down. First
one step, then two, then three...
Queen Reina rushes over from the guest seats and scoops up Perv's
head. "No, NOOOOOO! Rose, you monster! How could you do this to
him?!"
Rose shakes her head "No, that wasn't me..."
Whoever killed Perv, it wasn't her.
Somehow, whoever did it was able to lop his head clean off with
nobody even noticing them do it.
"But who could've—?"
Rose looks around.
One man at the ceremony has a different air about him than all the
others.
The man has fiery-red hair. He leisurely ascends the stairs.
Page | 116
He was in an area that everyone was paying attention to, yet nobody
paid him any notice.
"I thought I could get a little more use out of him..."
It's only when he speaks that the people around him even realize
he's there.
The guards draw their swords and move to surround him. "Wh-who
the hell are you?!"
The moment they do, however, their heads fall to the ground. The
crowd screams as blood gushes from the guards' necks.
"Stay back!" Rose cries. "He's dangerous!"
She wasn't even able to see his attack. A single glance is enough for
her to tell how outstanding his talents are.
"Who are you?" she asks.
"They call me Mordred."
"Mordred..."
Rose recognizes the name. That's the ninth seat of the Knights of
Rounds—Sir Mordred, the Knight Beyond Men.
Rose cautiously puts some distance between herself and him. "And
what business do you have here, Sir Mordred?"
"Just a little cleanup. You know what they say—no foe is deadlier
than an incompetent ally."
As Mordred speaks, he walks over to Perv's corpse. Queen Reina is
clinging to the body like her life depends on it.
"Out of the way."
"Mother, get out of—!"
Rose is too late.
Page | 117
Mordred cuts Queen Reina down, then sets both her corpse and
Perv's corpse ablaze.
The flames are an eerily bloody shade of red.
"Mother..."
Rose levels her white rapier at Mordred.
However, Mordred shows no signs of wanting to fight her. He just
smiles coldly.
"The key's been passed down."
"What key?"
"That means the door is free to open."
"What are you talking about...?"
All of a sudden, ominous mana begins flowing freely. It's so heavy
and thick it makes it difficult to breathe.
"It's not without its risks, but I sent it on a rampage."
Their surroundings are inexplicably dark.
At first, Rose assumes the sun is hiding behind a cloud.
However, that isn't it. Darkness is spreading across the heavens
directly.
"What's going on...?"
"The Black Rose slew a hundred thousand Velgaltan troops in a single
night...but at the same time, it obliterated the royal capital."
The inky blackness gnaws away at the sky itself.
Something vaguely resembling flower petals whirls about its center.
"This is the legend's true form—the Black Rose of the Oriana
Kingdom."
Page | 118
The darkness swells.
A seemingly endless horde of black, newborn lumps cascades down
from the Black Rose.
They're hideous beasts the likes of which nobody present has ever
seen.
"The Cult has a rule: No witnesses. The banquet of slaughter begins
now."
"E-everyone, run!"
At Rose's scream, the overawed spectators begin fleeing.
However, the obsidian beasts rush at them with a terrible zeal.
"Ahhhhhhhh!"
Rose hears a familiar-sounding shriek. She looks over and sees her
maid.
"Margaret!"
Margaret has fallen over, and one of the beasts is gnashing at her.
Rose cleaves forward with her white rapier, positioning herself
squarely between Margaret and the creature.
Her rapier meets the beast's claws, and its black blood splatters
across the ground.
"Margaret, are you okay?"
She hugs Margaret tightly. The maid is trembling.
"R-Rose...my lady..."
"Thank goodness you're all right. You need to get inside to safety,
and fast."
Margaret rises to her feet. "A-at once!"
She turns to run, then stops and turns back.
Page | 119
"I—I just want to say... I misjudged you, Princess Rose. A-and...I'm
sorry!"
"Don't give it another thought. Now, go!"
"Yes, ma'am!"
Rose smiles gently as she sees Margaret off.
However, the Black Rose is still spitting out those Stygian beasts.
It takes a minimum of ten soldiers to subdue just a single one of
them.
"We won't be able to hold out like this..."
Rose kills as many nearby beasts as she can, but it does little to
diminish their forces. If anything, their ranks continue to swell.
The creatures surge after the fleeing crowd like a wave. The next
moment, however, they all get sliced to ribbons.
"So—the Shadow Garden makes their move."
Mordred casts a piercing gaze out into the shadows. That's where
the young women who slew the beasts under the cover of darkness
are.
They move in perfect harmony, running circles around the fell
creatures as they hunt them with the speed and ferocity of a galeforce wind.
"Number 664, Number 665..."
Rose knows two of them well. They glance at her for a brief moment
and smile at her.
Number 559 is there, too—as are Beta and Epsilon of the Seven
Shadows.
Beta turns toward Rose and calls over to her. "You did good work."
"Beta...?"
Page | 120
Beta smiles like the two Numbers did, then turns back forward.
Epsilon stands by her side.
"Sir Mordred," Beta says. "I don't believe I've had the pleasure."
The ninth Knight of Rounds and the Seven Shadows duo square off.
"The Seven Shadows..."
"Now, before we kill you, we'd like to check our answers on a few
things."
Mordred scoffs. "Shut up, small-timers. I don't have time to waste
entertaining the likes of you."
With that, he pulls something from his pocket and hurls it into the
Black Rose.
"What did you just do...?"
"I called him."
"Called who?"
A tremendous amount of mana begins gathering at the Black Rose.
Then, it sprays out like black lightning.
And when it does, a massive arm appears in the inky darkness.
"Ragnarok, grand ruler of the Fourth Realm."
Flame gushes from the arm like blood as the entirety of its owner
slowly comes into view.
Its gigantic ebony frame is as taut as steel, and sharp claws extend
from the ends of its long, thick arms.
The whole thing is wreathed in fire, and it spreads its massive wings
against the jet-black sky.
Page | 121
"Wh-what...? What is that thing...? It's like some sort of demon..."
Rose is unable to hide her horrified trembling. It's the first time in
her life she's ever felt so overwhelmed.
"Is that...what I think it is?" Epsilon asks.
"It is indeed," Beta replies.
With a flap of its massive wings, Ragnarok makes its way across the
blackened sky and heads straight for Beta and Epsilon.
"Pulverize them, Ragnarok."
But then, a flash of bluish-purple light shatters the darkness to
smithereens.
"Wh—?"
Magical aftershocks ripple across the capital.
They're followed by a scream of pain. A jet of scalding-hot blood
sprays up from one of Ragnarok's wings.
The amputated wing wafts down like a leaf from a tree, and
Ragnarok's massive frame begins plummeting downward.
A man in a jet-black longcoat swoops out of the darkness.
He flicks his ebony blade to shake off the smoldering blood still
clinging to it.
"A bat on fire? That's not something you see every day."
"Master Shadow!"
"Shadow... Even catching him by surprise, I'm impressed you could
cut a wing off Ragnarok."
Mordred sounds downright astonished.
However, Shadow only gives him a single glance before turning away
and walking off.
Page | 122
Clop. Clop.
Shadow's boots click, and his jet-black longcoat flutters.
"You'll need far more than that to lay him low, though. All you've
done is anger—"
"Shut up, small-timer," Shadow snaps, cutting him off.
***
Mordred's face contorts with rage.
Shadow's gaze is fixed far off in the distance.
He's looking at the now-one-winged Ragnarok. The monster landed
well outside the capital.
Shadow brings his bluish-purple magic back in. It begins glowing ever
brighter as it envelops his legs.
Then, he leaps up into the blackened sky.
The bluish-purple trail he leaves behind fades after him with
tremendous speed. Magic and fire clash in the distance, causing
shock waves that reach all the way to the capital.
"The man has too much faith in his own strength. What a fool.
Ragnarok will eviscerate him."
"We'll see who the fool is soon enough," Beta says coldly.
"Know your place, child. No man can stand against Ragnarok."
"What a sorry man you are. You have no idea just what Master
Shadow is capable of."
"I said, know your place."
Rose gulps as she watches Mordred's mana wax fuller and fuller.
Mordred is so powerful it's downright inhuman. However, the Seven
Shadows are plenty inhuman in their own right.
Page | 123
"Let's play, you and I," Beta says. "We'll show just what we're
capable of."
She draws her blade.
The battle between the two Seven Shadows members and the Knight
Beyond Men begins quietly.
They move in steps. No, half steps.
Slowly but surely, Beta and Epsilon inch toward their foe.
Then, in unison, they come to a halt.
The position at which they freeze has the three of them—Beta,
Epsilon, and Mordred—positioned like points on a triangle. The way
they stopped, it was like they could see something directly in front of
them.
The night wind blows through their hair.
The corner of Mordred's lip curls upward.
Then, in the blink of an eye—
***
—Beta and Epsilon leap backward as one.
Something unseen cleaves through the air and leaves a vivid red
wound across Epsilon's cheek. Rose watches in shock as a bead of
blood streams down from the cut.
Mordred was able to wound the legendary Faithful.
That, more than anything, speaks volumes about how inhuman his
talents are.
Beta fixes her gaze on Mordred. "I see... So, this is the power of the
Knight Beyond Men."
Page | 124
"That it is," he replies. "If you had taken even a single step farther,
your head and your neck would have parted for good. I suppose I
should compliment you for having dodged it."
"Don't bother. You're a petty stage magician, nothing more."
"A what...?" Mordred growls.
"I have to say, this is the last place I expected to run into the magic
sword of legend. You're using the Invisible Blade, the long-lost elven
artifact sword that's invisible to the eye."
Mordred responds to Beta's glare with silence.
That tells her everything she needs to know.
"Save your breath, I know I'm right. Your blade smells of elves. It
reminds us of our failing homeland, and it fills our ears with the
lament of the smith who poured their very life force into it."
"Now you're just making things up."
"That sword belongs in the elven capital. I don't know how you got
your hands on it, but it's time for you to return it."
"Hmph. And you're going to make me?"
"Oh, most certainly..."
Beta grins, and Epsilon finishes her sentence for her.
"...Because you're not the only one with invisible weapons at their
disposal."
"What?"
As Mordred regards them quizzically, it comes.
Something whizzes through the darkness and carves up his hair.
A few tufts flutter about.
"Wait, did you just...throw your magic...?"
Page | 125
Mordred is shocked.
Throwing magic is no easy feat.
When a person sends magic outside their body, they lose control of it
almost immediately as it begins to disperse. Not only would
manipulating it from that point require a tremendous amount of
mana and technical proficiency, but mastering that technique to the
level of being able to use it in live combat would require an
unbelievable amount of effort.
Yet despite Epsilon's tender age, she's done just that.
Her attack has such speed.
Such intensity.
That level of magic control is unthinkable.
If it wasn't, every dark knight in the world would have cast aside
their swords ages ago in favor of throwing their magic.
"It can't be..."
Epsilon proudly clicks her high heels and throws out her chest. "That
was a warning shot. The only reason your head is still on is because I
want it that way. Now, either tell us what we want, or we'll hurt you
until you tell us anyways. The choice is yours."
Mordred grinds his molars in loathing. "You really think you have me
beat...?"
"Don't forget about me, by the way. I hope you don't mind a little
two-on-one."
Beta comes and stands beside Epsilon, throwing out her chest as
well, like it's a competition.
Page | 126
"Man, this fantasy world doesn't mess around. Even their bats are
ginormous," I remark as I face off against the massive flaming bat.
My original plan, for a variety of reasons, was to watch the birth of
Rose the Monarch from off in the distance, but then there was this
huge monster outbreak.
No biggie, though. I get what's going on.
This is the forces of darkness working to hinder the monarch. When
the redheaded dude summoned the bat, it was to stop her from
coming into her own.
No matter the era, people will always have power struggles.
"Y'know, you look kinda badass. You've got the whole 'demon king'
vibe down pat," I say to the bat, who's still pretty pissed I chopped its
wing off.
It responds with a growl.
Apparently, it's gonna take more than a single severed wing to bring
this bad boy down. Its wound has already finished regenerating. Plus,
the thing's one hell of a tank, and the amount of mana it's working
with is unbelievable.
If I try to fight this thing fair and square, there's a good chance it'll
trounce me.
Good thing I'm not planning on fighting fair, huh?
"Shall we begin?"
As an eminence in shadow, it's my duty to take it down in a single
stylish blow, then say a few ominous words before vanishing myself.
To that end, I do a little hop backward.
A moment later, the bat's pointed claws eviscerate the spot where I
was just standing.
Page | 127
Next, I hop to the side.
The bat brings its meaty arm down, leaving a crater at the impact
site.
That one blow could've taken out a dozen houses, easy. And on top
of that, it would've set everything around them on fire.
This thing's like a walking natural disaster.
No matter how tempered their mana is, a human would have to
charge up if they wanted to call forth power on that scale.
That's the crazy thing about beasts—their ability to wield power like
that at the drop of a hat.
At the end of the day, though, a beast is still just a beast.
I breathe in and focus all my efforts on dodging the bat's attacks.
Fighting a beast fair and square is a sucker's game.
As the bat continues its fiery onslaught, I continue gathering data.
I want to know what this guy is capable of, and what it isn't.
What it's willing to do, and what it won't.
It's important that I understand what it will do in any given situation,
as well as how it will react to each action I take.
The thing is, beasts are simple creatures. Put them in the same
situation over and over, and they'll approach it the same way each
and every time.
However, they also get wary once they take a hit.
There are exceptions to those rules, of course, but when they come
up, it's always the product of random happenstance rather than
something the beasts chose through careful consideration.
I make sure to keep an eye out for those rare exceptions as I
continue dodging all over the place.
Page | 128
If I try to slash at this magic spammer, all it'll do is wear me out.
Instead, I can just take the camping route and wait it out. That way, I
don't have to put myself in any danger.
With each massive wham, the bat smashes another hole in the
beautiful earth.
Looks like kicking it out of the capital was the right call.
Now, then.
I've basically figured out all of our flamy bat friend's attack patterns,
so I figure it's probably high time to make my move.
Then, out of the blue, its pointed tail sweeps in front of my eyes and
fills my entire vision with fire.
"Welp, found the exception."
The moment I realize things are off, I hurl myself backward.
Not a moment later, I sense a massive amount of magic approaching,
and a heavy impact sinks into my flesh.
OP magic, OP power... I swear, beasts have it all.
I focus all my magic on defense.
As I do, I twist my body to soften the blow.
I've practiced this maneuver a thousand times over. I could pull it off
in my sleep.
A moment later, I get blasted away. If I were a baseball, I'd be an
outta-the-park homer if ever there was one.
I stick the landing like a proper eminence in shadow, then check for
damage.
My bones and organs all seem fine.
"But my bangs...are singed."
Page | 129
In the blink of an eye, I slice away the frizzly bits and make it like
nothing ever happened.
"To think you would be able to inflict such a blow on me."
There's a good chance nobody's listening, but I shoot off a line to set
the mood anyway and stare up at the sky.
Up above, the burning bat soars around in the darkness with its
freshly regenerated wing and sucks in air.
Is it gonna do a breath attack?
I could try tanking it, but the royal capital is right behind me, so
that's probably a no-go.
Besides, I've finished all my prep work.
Based on the results of my investigation, it would appear that the fire
bat has a habit of completely ignoring finer, more delicate magic.
From there, the rest is simple.
"The skies are under my dominion. Engrave that knowledge in your
flesh...within my birdcage of darkness."
I take the finely woven threads of magic I've been laying out across
the dark sky and pour mana into all of them at once.
The burning bat lets out an earsplitting roar.
The threads have no mercy, and they're slicing it to ribbons.
A torrent of blood gushes from the bat's body as it plummets.
With a great tremor, it crashes into the ground.
Still, it's hard to overstate just how much mana it's got.
No matter how much magic I pour into those tiny threads, there's no
way they could ever deal it a serious blow.
Page | 130
It rises back up from amid the cloud of dust, and its eyes gleam with
an incandescent rage. Its wounds will be all better soon.
But the thing is, beasts get wary once they take a hit.
I start casting out threads of finely spun magic again.
This time, the bat treats them with respect and takes care to dodge
them.
At this point, it isn't willing to ignore any magic, no matter how
minute. At the same time, though, it doesn't actually understand
what it is that got it into its earlier predicament.
That makes manipulating it a breeze.
It's done for.
It still wants to fight, but it doesn't have the brains to get through its
current predicament. The battle is all but over.
"I grant you the auspicious title of 'Dumber than Delta.'"
From here, the rest is academic, so I start trying to figure out what
the shadowbrokeriest way to finish it off would be.
"Okay, so I start by lopping off the arm..."
"How...are you this strong...?"
Rose watches in shock as Mordred's face twists in humiliation.
She knew that the Seven Shadows were on a different level, but still,
she never imagined that the gulf between them and Mordred would
be quite so vast.
"Me, bested by a pair of little girls?"
Page | 131
Mordred rests on one knee as he hacks up blood. Beta looks down at
him coldly. "Don't tell me you think you lost because you were
outnumbered, do you?"
"Rgh..."
He glares at her. A trail of blood runs down from the corner of his lip.
"It would have ended the exact same way. If you can't see that, then
I pity you, and if you can but you're lying to yourself, then you're a
fool. Which is it, I wonder?"
"Shut up, you... If you're so confident, why not fight me alone from
the start?"
"We had a numbers advantage. Why wouldn't I use it?"
Rose isn't surprised. From watching the battle, she suspects that
Beta doesn't find combat all that interesting. Very little of her
personality comes through in her fighting style.
She doesn't have any tics, nor is she at all inventive. She simply takes
what she was taught and carries it out with strict fidelity.
The Shadow Garden has taken the fighting style Shadow invented
and formalized it so they can teach it to their members. Out of all of
them, Beta the Steadfast is the one who's replicated it with the
highest degree of accuracy.
On a fundamental level, she just doesn't care about fighting all that
much.
That's why she's satisfied with what she's capable of and doesn't
aspire to anything more. Her true interests probably lie more on the
literary side of things.
"This isn't over yet... I still have Ragnarok."
"I suppose you do."
Heh.
Page | 132
Beside Beta, Epsilon lets out a giggle. "If that's what you're holding
out hope for, then we'd be more than happy to wait until Master
Shadow has finished his battle."
"...What's your angle?"
"I have two reasons. The first is our absolute faith that Master
Shadow will prevail."
This time, it's Mordred's turn to laugh. His voice rings with scorn.
"You're a fool."
"As for the second, it's like we said earlier. We want to check our
answers on a few things. On the Black Rose, on the magical
beasts...and on Diablos."
"And why would I play along?"
"If you're that sure Ragnarok will win, what's the harm?"
Beta's and Mordred's gazes meet. Each of them is trying to suss out
the other.
Eventually, Beta levels her ebony blade at Mordred—
"Fine. It's not as though knowing will save you from Ragnarok's
flames."
—and after a brief silence, he begins talking.
"Did you know that there are countless other worlds beyond our
own?"
"I take it you aren't talking about outer space," Beta replies.
"I'm talking about entire other dimensions. We call them Realms."
"Realms..."
"There are scores of them. Worlds frozen pole to pole in ice, worlds
so poisonous that no life can take root there, worlds of searing
Page | 133
flame, empty worlds devoid of light and color...and worlds populated
by powerful magical beasts."
"So, worlds with magical beasts in them are Realms?"
"No, all worlds other than ours are Realms."
Beta nods, urging him to continue.
"Now, all these Realms orbit around a single point. Even our world is
no exception."
"What's at the center of it all?" Epsilon asks.
Mordred shoots her a look and shakes his head. "Who knows?
Perhaps it's God."
"That is to say, you can't even observe it?"
"Not even a little. But whatever's at the center is the least of our
worries. The problem is all these worlds orbiting around. Round and
round they spin as the years go by."
Mordred draws circles in the air with two of his fingers, then starts
bringing them closer together.
"Until, bang."
His finger circles overlap.
"Every so often, the worlds collide. The impact sends rifts across the
worlds, and for a moment, two different worlds become linked.
When that happens, each exerts influence on the other."
"They become linked and influence each other...," Beta says,
parroting his words to better chew them over.
"Let me give you an example. We performed a geological survey, and
what it told us was that ten million years ago, there was no magic in
our world. It just didn't exist. The question is, where did it come
from?"
Page | 134
"You're saying it was from one of these Realms?"
"It certainly seems that way. It's not like it could have just popped
into existence one day from nothing. It came from another world.
When we came into contact with a Realm, it poured a colossal
amount of mana our way. And when that happened, it had drastic
effects on our ecosystem."
"So, that's why the dragons went into decline?"
Mordred raises an eyebrow and nods. "Exactly. Long ago, this world
was ruled by dragons. Not the dragons we have today—an older type
called ancient wyrms. But at one point, the wyrms went into decline.
And that point was exactly ten million years ago. They failed to adapt
to the magic that flowed in from the Realm, and those that
succeeded—us humans—prospered where the dragons once
thrived."
The two members of the Seven Shadows nod along with Mordred's
explanation.
They probably already had a general idea about all that. Besides,
what they said was that they wanted to check their answers.
For Rose, however, all of this is new information. It takes everything
she has just to keep up with the conversation.
"But magic isn't the only thing Realms can bring."
"You mean the magical beasts."
Mordred nods. "There are two theories for where they come from.
The first is the explanation commonly accepted by scholars, where
magical beasts are simply animals from our world that evolved in
response to magic. However, that theory has a few holes. Biologically
speaking, magical beasts bear no resemblance to any animal we
know of. And furthermore, could something as simple as affinity for
magic truly transform normal animals into magical beasts?"
Page | 135
"It's certainly a stretch."
"Magical beasts operate on a fundamentally different logic than we
do. They defy every rule of nature. And the magical beasts might not
be the only thing alien to this world. Humanity itself might originally
hail from a Realm, as well."
"Wait...people?"
Shock crosses Beta's expression for the first time in the whole
exchange. Mordred smiles smugly. "There are still a lot of mysteries
revolving around us. Out of all the species in this world, we stand
head and shoulders above all the others in terms of our intellect and
our prosperity. It's a quality unique to people, and people alone. It
begs the question—are we even native to this world at all?"
Nobody has an answer to that.
"Our world has been sent many things from Realms, but the inverse
is true as well. Sometimes, the Realms suck things away from us."
"You mean, like getting spirited away."
"Exactly. Long, long ago, an entire nation vanished in the blink of an
eye. Where, then, did Atlantis go?"
"...To a Realm."
"That's certainly the logical conclusion. Now, you get it. The Cult's
working theory is that our world and the Realms interact with each
other on a cyclical basis, and when they do, each one exerts
influence over the other."
"So did the demon Diablos come from a Realm as well?"
"Not quite. The demon itself was born and raised here, make no
mistake. But the same isn't true of the original."
"The what?"
"The organism that became the basis for Diablos."
Page | 136
Beta's and Epsilon's gazes grow harsher. "Sure enough...it's just like
we thought."
"Heh. We theorize that Diablos called the original in from a Realm—
one that we've taken to calling the First Realm."
"The First Realm..."
"The Fourth Realm is ranked lower than the First, but Ragnarok is still
its ruler. I think that makes it good and clear just how impossible it is
for any human to best it." Mordred sneers before continuing. "Go
on, then. Check your last answer. Tell me what you think the Black
Rose is."
The two members of Seven Shadows exchange a look to confirm
their thoughts. Then, Beta speaks. "It's a gate that can connect our
world to Realms."
"Bingo." An unpleasant smile spreads across Mordred's face and he
offers them a round of applause. "When the Black Rose slew a
hundred thousand Velgaltan soldiers in a single night, that happened
completely by accident. It just so happened that in that moment,
another world linked up with ours and poured magical beasts in by
the bucketload. It was a stroke of misfortune for Velgalta, to be sure,
but Oriana didn't exactly get off scot-free. Even with the Velgaltan
soldiers dead, the gate kept dumping out magical beasts, and the
magical beasts began consuming Oriana and everything in it. If a
certain someone hadn't stepped in and closed the gate, Oriana
would have been quite literally obliterated."
"And that's when the Cult of Diablos decided to make the entire
nation their puppet."
"Ah, you're better informed than I thought. Still, I think that's a
pretty uncharitable interpretation. After all, we were the ones who
closed the gate and saved the kingdom. And on top of that, our
stewardship of the Black Rose ensured that the kingdom would
Page | 137
survive in perpetuity. It seemed only reasonable that they give us fair
compensation."
"Compensation? From the kingdom...?" Rose says, cutting into the
conversation. She can't hold her tongue any longer.
"That's right, compensation. Namely, blood...royal blood."
"The blood of the heroes who defeated Diablos runs thick in the
Oriana Kingdom," Beta explains. Her tone is sympathetic. "The Cult
needed that blood...for their experiments."
Rose balks. "Wait, you mean..."
"It was your blood we wanted, Rose Oriana. You were blessed with
incredible amounts of magic, even for a royal, and by all rights, they
should have turned you over to us as a baby. But that fool of a king
refused to," Mordred says.
Beta elaborates. "That wasn't the only compensation the Cult
demanded. Huge amounts of your tax revenues went to them as
well, and the original reason the Oriana Kingdom invested so heavily
in the arts was so it could entertain them. On top of that, the way
your churches persecuted dark knights was a way for the Cult to
prevent Oriana from gaining the strength to rebel against it. Your
father wanted to break the cycle. He forged an alliance with Midgar,
worked to fix his twisted nation from within, and tried to secede
from the Cult. And because of that...they killed him."
Rose's lips tremble in disbelief. "It can't be... You mean, the reason
he allowed me to study abroad..."
Beta averts her eyes. "He was trying to get you somewhere safe. I'm
sorry. I wanted to tell you, but we weren't sure when to do it. If I'd
known this was going to happen, I would have told you earlier..."
"The king was a fool," Mordred says. "But every cloud has its silver
lining. Inside the gate, the Black Rose is unstable. We can't fully
Page | 138
control what world it will link us to yet. It will be a hassle, but the
Cult is going to have to take direct control of the Oriana Kingdom
from now on. If nothing else, that will make our research progress at
a faster—"
"I won't let you."
A quiet voice cuts in, interrupting Mordred's speech. What it lacks in
volume, however, it makes up for in resolve.
"I'll pick up where my father left off...and right this nation's path with
my own two hands!"
Rose gets to her feet. Her wedding dress flashes a vivid shade of
white against the darkness draping the capital.
Determination burns in her eyes like fire.
Mordred laughs. "Good luck with that. Ragnarok is about to burn
Oriana to the ground, so you—"
Then, a fireball comes roaring out of the sky.
"Agh—!"
It's unclear who screamed, but everyone there leaps backward.
Everyone but Mordred.
When the fiery mass falls from the sky, it crushes his left arm.
"Rgh—!"
He contorts his body in an attempt to pull himself free.
"What the hell even is this?!"
He kicks the mass.
It turns out to be a gigantic arm.
A right arm, to be precise, thick and hideous and burning bloodred.
Page | 139
Mordred wrenches his leg out from under it, then takes another look
at the arm.
"It can't be... This is Ragnarok's?!" he cries in shock.
He stares at it, but there are no two ways about it. The arm clearly
used to belong to Ragnarok.
"W-well, it is just an arm. Losing it would hardly be enough to bring
down the king of the Fourth—"
Another fiery lump descends toward them.
A terrible crashing sound booms out as it smashes into the ground.
It's a left arm just as grotesque as the right.
Mordred reels backward. "This doesn't make sense. Wh-what's going
on...?"
When he whirls around in an attempt to avert his gaze from reality,
he sees a silver-haired elf standing behind him.
"I think that makes it pretty clear who the fool is. Master Shadow has
had you dancing in the palm of his hand this whole time," Beta says
sympathetically. Her hands move at a blistering clip as she writes
something in a notebook.
"What...?"
"Why was it we had so many forces here today? Why did the Black
Rose react? Why did Rose Oriana have the key? If you think about it
for a minute, you'll understand what I mean."
"Th-that's not possible...," Mordred mutters blankly. "You mean to
say he knew everything from the very start?"
"That's exactly right."
"But if he knew, then why not just—?"
Suddenly, Mordred's eyes go wide with comprehension.
Page | 140
"H-he wanted to observe us, to see what we'd do?! He plans on
destroying the Black Rose in its entirety?!"
His scream rings with disbelief.
Beta and Epsilon smile by way of an answer.
"That can't be, and even if it can, Ragnarok will still... It'll still..."
More fireballs descend from the sky.
First, a pair of wings.
Two of them, like a pair of massive dead leaves.
Then, two legs and a tail.
They roll by as lumberingly as felled tree trunks.
The final piece to fall is a body—and it's accompanied by a man clad
all in black.
"Sh-Shadow!"
His jet-black longcoat flutters as he swoops down and swings his
obsidian blade.
The slash severs Ragnarok's head from its torso, finally ending the
creature's life.
In its final moments, its flames burn an even more intense shade of
red.
As Shadow shakes the blood off his sword, the shadow he casts
seems to stretch to the ends of the earth.
The blood burns scarlet as its shoots through the dark sky like
fireworks.
"No, no, no... How can Shadow be so powerful?!"
"It's over."
The sable beasts overrunning the capital are all gone.
Page | 141
There's a group of young Shadow Garden women standing beneath
the Black Rose and slicing the new offshoots to ribbons as fast as it
can spit them out. The girls have already hunted down all the ones
scattered across the city.
Number 559 stands at their vanguard. Rose catches her gaze for a
moment, and angry sparks fly silently between them.
"You took down the magical beasts, too? How is the Shadow Garden
so much stronger than the Fourth Realm...?" Mordred mutters,
aghast. Then, a hollow laugh escapes from his throat, as if his soul is
trying to flee his body. "Heh-heh... Heh... Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee!"
It's oddly unsettling.
"I pity you," Beta says.
"Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee. Heh-heh... I-I'm not finished yet."
Mordred's eyes snap open. He grabs a fistful of Ragnarok's flesh and
stuffs it into his mouth.
"Wh—"
"This is my power—the culmination of all my efforts!"
Munch, munch.
As he chews the meat and audibly swallows, his body begins
changing.
His skin turns as black as the night.
His eyes become red and bloodshot.
His flesh swells, like he's about to burst.
And his hair, which was already a fiery red, bursts into bloodred
flames.
"Master Shadow, should I...?"
Page | 142
Beta looks to Shadow for guidance, and she's pretty sure she sees
him nod ever so slightly. He could have just been tilting his head in
confusion, but surely there's no way that's the case.
"As you wish."
Sensing her master's intentions, she falls back.
She gazes at Shadow with absolute, unshakable faith in her eyes.
***
Mordred's roar splits the air with a bestial fervor.
By now, he looks like a horrible amalgam of Ragnarok and a human
being.
***
He brings his arm, now wreathed in fire, slamming down on Shadow.
A thunderous crash follows, accompanied by a spray of rubble.
"Heh-heh, now do you see? Do you see my—huh?"
When Mordred pulls his arm back, however, Shadow is nowhere to
be seen.
All Mordred finds is the massive crater he himself left.
***
Then, he hears what sounds like a voice rising from the depths of the
abyss.
"You're just a failed experiment."
***
Mordred whirls around and finds Shadow standing right there.
Shadow turns his back on Mordred and casts his jet-black gaze up
toward the sky. "Even the bat was stronger than you."
Page | 143
"Big words...FOR A MAN WHO'S TURNING TAIL AND RUNNING!"
Shadow lets out a small laugh. "Merging with beasts is one thing, but
letting your intellect degrade to their level? That's just sad."
***
Mordred snatches at Shadow with both hands.
But once again, all he grabs is air.
***
Mordred senses someone behind him and turns.
It's Shadow, still looking up at the sky with his back to Mordred.
"The darkened sky heralds the end. Can you hear the nascent
monarch's cry?"
"SHUT UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!" Mordred howls.
Magic gathers at Shadow's right hand. It's so powerful the very air
begins to quiver.
The magic gradually gains in intensity, and before long, the entire
capital is shaking.
Tempestuous winds blow every whichway.
Clouds whirl through the sky and spit out lightning.
The magic practically seems to suck it all in as it continues collecting
itself. The people at the center of that little world begin seeing
flashes of bluish-purple light.
Page | 144
Page | 145
Finally, it gathers at his obsidian sword, spiraling through the air and
drawing an elaborate pattern over the weapon's blade.
***
Shadow's voice rumbles out deeply, and the bluish-purple magic
glows ever brighter.
***
With that, the bluish-purple light blots out the world.
When the light dies down, the world stands completely altered.
The sky is blue again, and the sun's rays are streaming down. Rose
can see her breath in the crisp, clear winter air.
Shadow stands at the very center of the world, raising his jet-black
sword to the sky.
"Are you...? Are you really...?"
Rose starts to say something, but then goes quiet.
For some reason, two piano players are starting to overlap in her
mind.
There's no way. It simply isn't possible. Yet she finds herself drawn to
Shadow's each and every movement all the same.
"So, that was Master Shadow's plan for the Black Rose..."
Page | 146
Beta and Epsilon look up at the sky. There, they see the shattered
Black Rose.
Not even it survived Shadow's mighty attack.
As they watch, it slowly crumbles to pieces. As it does, a small mass
gets sucked into it.
The mass is covered in blackened skin and red hair. It's Mordred,
now reduced to nothing more than a head.
Then...
"I give myself to the ebony vortex, and vanish into the world of
darkness..."
With that, the shadowy figure dives straight into the Black Rose.
"Huh?"
"What?"
"Master Shadow?"
The Black Rose swallows Shadow whole.
The girls stare up in shock—
"I-I-I'm coming, too!"
—and Beta, tears in her eyes, dives in as well.
Not a moment later, the Black Rose disappears, gone from the world
for good.
Everything is dead silent for a little while.
Epsilon mutters a sort of strange incantation to herself as she stares
at the sky. "...I-I'm sure Master Shadow had some grand design in
mind. Of course he did. His resourcefulness lets him see through
everything. His eyes are like those of a god. His radiant gaze burns
incandescent, and his jet-black blade cleaves the skies and parts the
seas..."
Page | 147
"Oh no, my ring..."
For some reason, Rose's wedding ring lies shattered as well.
Rose takes that as a sign of what's become of her beloved. The blood
drains from her face.
And with that, the battle for the Oriana Kingdom comes to a close.
Page | 148
Page | 149
Page | 150
Auxiliary Chapter: Rise of the Fancy
Hoodlum Slayer!
Akane Nishino is a second-year student at Sakurazaka High School,
and she hates one of her classmates with a burning passion.
The classmate in question has black hair and eyes, forgettable looks,
and bags under his eyes that always make him look tired.
His name is Minoru Kageno. Not only does she hate him, but to make
matters worse, his seat is the one right next to hers.
Kage is Japanese for shadow, and true to his name, Minoru Kageno is
as inconspicuous as a shadow.
He's a C student, he's unremarkable at sports, he isn't in any school
clubs, and although he doesn't have a lot of friends, he has plenty of
people he knows well enough to make small talk with.
He's the kind of average, unremarkable student you could find in any
school in the country.
Akane didn't hate him at first. That wasn't to say she liked him, but
she got along with him about as well as she did with any of her
classmates.
The more she interacted with him, though, the more she found that
there was one thing about him that she just couldn't stand.
It was the way he greeted her.
Every morning, the two of them get to school at the last minute
possible—right before the gate is about to close.
And because they always get there at the same time, they always
end up greeting each other.
Today, as usual, she runs into her least favorite classmate at the
school gate. "Morning, Kageno," Akane says to him.
Page | 151
Minoru replies in the same level tone of voice as always. "Morning,
Nishimura."
It's Nishino, not Nishimura! Akane screams internally. Outwardly,
however, she keeps smiling as she heads for the shoe rack.
They've been in the same class for three months, and every morning
since then, they've had the exact same exchange.
Akane didn't say anything about it for the first month, assuming that
he would eventually notice his mistake, but when Golden Week
came and went and he still hadn't gotten her name right, she
eventually decided to correct him.
She can still remember in vivid detail just how that played out.
"You know, Kageno, my name isn't actually Nishimura."
"Huh?" Minoru blinks repeatedly and looks at her face with a
mixture of confusion and curiosity. "It isn't?"
"No, it's—"
"Wait, hold up. I remember now. You're a Named Character."
"A what?"
Akane cocks her head at the unfamiliar term.
"Never mind. I make sure to memorize the names of all the
important characters, but I guess sometimes I get one wrong."
"Don't worry about it. It happens to everyone."
Minoru bows apologetically, and Akane smiles.
However, his next words cause her to freeze.
"Sorry about that, Nishitani."
Page | 152
Akane clenches her fists, driven by an urge to sink a right straight
punch directly into that idiot's face.
"...It's Nishino."
"...Huh?"
"My name is Nishino."
The two of them stare at each other. You could cut the silence with a
knife.
Akane doesn't say another word to him for the rest of the day.
Then, the next morning rolls around.
The two of them bump into each other by the gate, just like always.
The night's passage has done a fair bit to quell Akane's rage. After all,
it's not like Minoru meant any harm. There's no sense in getting so
worked up over a mere misremembered name.
She decides to greet him like normal and just forget about what
happened yesterday.
"Morning, Kageno."
"Morning, Nishimura."
You're right back where you started!
Akane wants to scream, but she hides that urge behind a steely
smile.
The part that she finds most obnoxious is the way Minoru is acting as
though the conversation they had yesterday didn't even happen.
He's calling her Nishimura just like he always does, and just like
always, he isn't even looking at her.
He does technically turn his eyes her way whenever they greet each
other or chat, but it never feels like he's actually seeing her. His gaze
is distant, like it's focused on something far off in the distance.
Page | 153
More than anything else, that's what really pisses her off.
The name thing is annoying, but it's not that big of a deal.
But the way she never feels like she even enters his gaze? She can't
stand it.
Once she notices that about Minoru, she starts hating his guts.
From then on, Akane starts going out of her way to avoid interacting
with him.
She still greets him each morning, but that's all. He keeps getting her
name wrong, but she doesn't bother correcting him anymore.
She also avoids talking to him whenever possible, despite the fact
that they're seatmates. If she absolutely doesn't have a choice
because of classwork or something, she keeps any conversations
with him short and to the point.
She would prefer to just ignore him 24/7, but due to her unique
circumstances, she wants to avoid doing anything that will make her
stand out more than she already does.
And boy, does Akane Nishino stand out.
Her dark hair is sleek and elegant, and she's so attractive she draws
the gazes of boys and girls alike.
On top of that, she isn't just a normal high school student. She also
works as an actress.
Her classmates know all about her job, of course. If they found out
that she and Minoru were on poor terms, it could give rise to all sorts
of unfortunate rumors. Better to nip that possibility in the bud.
Akane was a fairly successful child actress, but around the time she
started middle school, she was involved in a scandal and had to
temporarily put her career on hold.
Ever since then, Akane has been forced to hide her true self.
Page | 154
She's had to play the part of the honor student to avoid being hated
by her teachers, as well as the part of the popular girl to avoid being
hated by the other students. She's lived her life trying not to give
anyone a reason to resent her.
And so she's done her utmost not to let that asshole Minoru hate
her, either, nor to let anyone else realize how much she hates him.
Akane isn't a member of any school clubs.
She normally heads straight home when classes end, but on that day,
she has supplementary lessons to attend. She often has to skip class
on account of her job, so those supplementary lessons are the only
way she can make up her attendance.
Akane had some other things to take care of as well, so by the time
she gets out, the sun's already set.
"And my phone's dead, too...," she says with a sigh as she walks
through the school gate.
She would normally call for her personal chauffeur, but with her
phone being out of juice, that sadly isn't an option.
However, her house is only half an hour away on foot. It's certainly
walkable.
On top of that, it's early summer, so even with the sun being set, the
temperature is still surprisingly pleasant. Akane decides to stretch
her legs for a change.
Now that she thinks about it, it's been a while since she last walked
home from school. The last time was probably the walking bus her
class used to do back when she was in elementary school.
Page | 155
Starting in middle school, her family decided to start sending a car
for her each day.
Because of that, she's kind of excited to head home on her own two
feet for once. She walks down the darkened streets without a worry
in her mind.
However, that excitement causes her to let her guard down.
All of a sudden, a shiny black station wagon pulls up beside her, and
a brawny man gets out.
She doesn't notice him until it's too late.
"...Huh?"
The man wraps his thick arm around her neck.
"Ah..."
He squeezes tight. In a few seconds, she's out cold.
The last thing she sees is a familiar-looking black-haired young man
running toward them.
"Urgh..."
When Akane opens her eyes, she finds herself in a dimly lit
warehouse.
Her wrists and ankles are bound, and there's a gag shoved in her
mouth.
She's still a little out of it. She remembers the black car; she
remembers the man choking her, and...she remembers spotting
someone, maybe?
"Mmm! Mmmm!!"
Page | 156
She tries to call for help, but the gag prevents her from forming any
words or generating any real volume.
"Oh hey, you're up."
She hears a hoarse male voice coming from behind her. She freezes.
"I'd quit struggling if I were you. Unless you wanna get yourself hurt,
that is."
The man looks to be about six foot three, and he isn't just big, either.
His muscles are well-defined, even through his clothes.
There's another man behind him, as well. The two of them must be
working together.
"Don't worry, little missy," the second man says. "We already sent
the ransom note to your folks, and as long as they pay up, you'll be
home without a scratch before you know it."
The big guy smiles evilly. "Gotta say, though, that was pretty
careless. Heiress to Nishino Zaibatsu, walking home alone at night
like that? Some bad men coulda snatched you right up."
He chuckles mockingly and walks over to where Akane is lying
collapsed on the ground.
"Mmmmm!"
Stay away!
Akane tries to scream, but the words won't come out.
She crawls across the ground to try to put some distance between
them.
"Whoop. Where you think you're going, little missy?"
The big guy grabs her slender legs and yanks her toward him.
Then, he hoists up her jaw and takes a closer look at her attractive
face.
Page | 157
"Damn, girl. No wonder they let you work as an actress."
"Mmm! Mmmm!!"
She shakes her head to try to resist.
When she does, the man slaps her across the cheek.
***
"Don't fight it."
Akane can feel the taste of blood fill her mouth. The teardrops that
had been welling up in the corners of her eyes finally start falling.
"Y'know, I hear this ain't your first ride on the kidnapping train."
Twitch.
Akane freezes.
"It was right when you first started middle school, right? Although
last time, I hear it was a stalker who did it."
The memories she'd tried so hard to forget flood back through her
mind. Her whole body begins trembling.
"Y'know, I totally get how the guy felt. Now, why so scared, kid?"
"...Mmm! Mmmmmmmmmmm!!"
"Give up. No one's comin' to save you."
Akane tries to twist away, but the man uses his muscular arm to pin
her down.
Help!
Then, right as she screams internally, it happens.
Kshhhh!
The sound of glass shattering echoes through the warehouse.
"Who's there?!"
Page | 158
One of the windows is broken.
Moonlight streams in, illuminating the intruder standing atop a pile
of glass shards.
He's wearing a black sweatshirt, black sweatpants, and black work
boots, and he has a black ski mask over his face.
He looks sketchy as hell, dressed all in black like that. At first glance,
it seems clear that he's with the kidnappers.
Clop. Clop. Clop.
His boots click against the floor as he slowly strides toward them.
"Who the hell are you?!" the big guy shouts.
"Who, me? I'm just...a normal old Fancy Hoodlum Slayer."
The Hoodlum Slayer stops to adjust his ski mask. The eye holes were
misaligned.
"What is this, some sorta joke?!"
As the big guy roars, his accomplice sneaks up behind the Hoodlum
Slayer and swings a bat at him.
It's the perfect surprise attack—yet the Hoodlum Slayer dodges it
like he has eyes in the back of his head.
"Huh?!"
"You cast a shadow in the moonlight. You're a rank amateur."
With that, the Hoodlum Slayer whirls around and slams his fist into
the second man.
Between his black clothes and the dark warehouse, his attack is nigh
impossible to see.
There's a muffled sound, and the accomplice crumples from the
knees down. He doesn't move another inch.
Page | 159
"That jaw strike... This guy knows what he's doing." The big guy lets
go of Akane and rises to his feet. He cracks his neck as he glares at
the Hoodlum Slayer. "Too bad for you, though—I'm ex-military."
He draws a knife and holds it at the ready.
The Hoodlum Slayer lowers his center of gravity and stands at the
ready as well. "A military man, huh? Perfect. I've always wanted to
try fighting a soldier."
The two men square off in the darkness.
They close the gap bit by tiny bit, and then—
"Die!"
The kidnapper makes the first move.
Using an oblique stance, he steps in and swings his knife.
It's easy to believe that he used to be a soldier. Despite his bulky
frame, his movements are nimble and efficient.
The knife strike is aimed at his foe's throat, and the Hoodlum Slayer
attempts to block it by raising his right arm.
A loud, metallic clang rings out.
"What?!"
The knife is caught on the Hoodlum Slayer's hand.
On closer inspection, the Hoodlum Slayer is holding something—a
black crowbar.
And what's more, he's wielding it almost like a tonfa.
"A-a crowbar?!"
"Crowbars are great. They're sturdy enough not to break, you can
buy 'em anywhere, they're portable, you can talk your way out of
having one if the police question you... At least, you probably can.
But best of all, you can use 'em like tonfas."
Page | 160
"What?!"
In the blink of an eye, the Hoodlum Slayer spins his arm under the
kidnapper's.
His crowbar draws an arc through the air and smashes into the other
man's arm.
The knife tumbles from the kidnapper's hand.
"Shit—"
Not a moment later, the crowbar makes for the kidnapper himself.
The big guy responds immediately by putting up his fists and
countering.
The crowbar slams into his beefy muscles, and his punch grazes the
Hoodlum Slayer's ski mask.
Crowbar and fist clash again and again in the moonlit warehouse.
However, the Hoodlum Slayer is gradually getting pushed back. Each
time he blocks the kidnapper's heavy punches, he has to fall back
one step, then another.
"Heh. That's one hell of a handicap you're working with," the big guy
says as he sends the Hoodlum Slayer reeling yet again. "You're
tough, sure. And I can tell you've been in a couple fights. But you've
got one big weakness. You're, what, five seven, maybe one hundred
and thirty pounds? But see, me, I'm six three and two hundred and
fifty. Physically, we aren't even in the same league. Crowbar or not,
all I've gotta do is protect my head. But you? A single one of my
punches anywhere would put you on the floor."
The man's voice rings with confidence. The Hoodlum Slayer quietly
fixes his gaze on him. "You're right. The sad truth is, the way I am
now, even an ex-soldier can give me trouble..."
"You wanna throw in the towel?"
Page | 161
"Nah... It just means I'm gonna have to get serious."
The Hoodlum Slayer adjusts his stance.
"What?"
"The way I saw it, crowbars had a bright future. The tonfa-like shape,
the weight, the sturdiness, the portability...they were full of potential
just waiting to be unlocked. So I went out, night after night, and as I
beat up all sorts of obnoxious, motorcycle-riding delinquents, I
arrived at a conclusion..."
"No way! You're the Ski Mask Berserker who's been terrorizing the
local motorcycle gangs with nothing but a crowbar?!"
It's practically a legend how all the motorcycle gangs in the area have
started actually wearing helmets on account of the Ski Mask
Berserker. Wearing a helmet is the only way to stay safe when you
don't know when an attack might be coming.
"See, the conclusion I reached after beating up those motorcycle
gangs is that while you can use crowbars like tonfas...the best thing
to do with 'em is just whack people!"
The Hoodlum Slayer brings his crowbar crashing down toward his
opponent's face.
It's a big swing, but the motion is fast as hell, and it's brimming with
pure, unbridled violence.
The kidnapper brings his arm up to protect his head, but when he
does, a dull noise sounds out.
"Rrgh! M-my arm...," he moans, clutching his arm in pain.
"It's probably broken. See, the trick to unlocking a crowbar's
potential is to strike with the outside of the part that bends to the
side. You'd think that hitting with the pointy bit would be best, but
that's an amateur's mistake."
Page | 162
He shifts his grip as he explains. Not like this, like this.
Then, he strikes the kidnapper again.
He hits him with flowing movements, like it's the most natural thing
in the world. The kidnapper catches a brief glimpse of who he really
is—at the man who beat up hundreds of bikers.
"Agh! W-wait, hold on—"
Wham, wham.
"C-cut it out, we can—"
Wham, wham, wham.
"Geh... Guhhh..."
Wham, wham, wham, wham!
The dull noise echoes through the warehouse on repeat.
Violence is power, and the Hoodlum Slayer the embodiment of that
ideal.
He keeps single-mindedly bringing his crowbar down, and eventually,
the burly kidnapper stops moving.
Drops of blood drip from the crowbar. Drip. Drip.
"It's no good. How am I supposed to get there if I struggle against
some lowly ex-soldier? I need to become stronger."
He looks up at the moon hanging in the sky outside the window—
"I need more power..."
—and wistfully extends his hand.
It's like he's trying to grasp hold of the moon, even though his hand
will never reach it.
He shakes his head in an act of rebellion against that simple truth,
then turns and fixes his gaze on Akane.
Page | 163
He picks up the knife the man dropped and approaches her.
"Mmm—MMMMM!"
Akane senses she's in danger and tries to flee, but there's nowhere
to run. The knife comes down on her with merciless efficiency.
"Mmm?"
It slices through the restraints on her wrists and ankles.
Now that she's free, she looks up at the sketchy man in black with
the ski mask and the crowbar.
He looks down at her in turn—
"From now on, be more careful on your way home."
—and offers her a piece of advice before leaving.
Page | 164
Page | 165
Akane watches him go in blank amazement. After a little while, she
finally realizes that he just saved her.
"Fancy Hoodlum Slayer... Who are you...?"
For some reason, his voice sounded strangely familiar.
The next day, despite her parents' concerns, Akane heads to school
like always.
Thinking about what happened yesterday still fills her with fear, but
for some reason, remembering the Fancy Hoodlum Slayer makes her
want to break out laughing.
"Heh-heh... He was so dorky."
She walks through the gate and, as usual, runs into her least favorite
classmate. "Morning, Kageno."
"Morning, Nishino."
"...Huh?"
Akane is so surprised, she forgets to keep walking.
Minoru got her name right. And what's more, she gets the feeling
that he's actually looking at her this time.
But that's not all. There's something about his voice.
"...There's no way."
She shakes her head to banish that ridiculous thought, then chases
after Minoru.
Page | 166
"Kageno, wait up!"
She wants to give chatting with him another go.
Page | 167
Page | 168
Page | 169
Chapter 4: Lurking in the Darkness in
Fantastical Japan!
"Where am I?" I mutter in confusion.
Getting sucked into a black hole and vanishing alongside the
darkness is a pretty baller way to make an exit.
That was the logic behind me jumping in like I did, but I never
expected it to spit me out in the ruins of some city.
"Well, I can always just run home, I guess. Still, this place looks
weirdly familiar..."
With that thought in mind, I glance around and realize something.
The ground is made of cracked asphalt, and although they're covered
in ivy, there are utility poles all around and even a bunch of
dilapidated houses by the sides of the road.
The nameplate on one of them reads "Tanaka."
"No way... I'm in Japan?"
I take a good long look at everything around me.
There are crumbling houses, plants growing up through concrete,
rusted-over cars...
"Yeah, this is totally Japan."
Dunno why, but I'm back.
In fact, this is even the town where I used to live.
I guess after I got reincarnated over into my new world, I must still
have been linked to Japan somehow.
"Well, here I am."
The question is, what happened here?
Page | 170
This definitely wasn't how things were when I left. There's no one
around, so I guess there must've been some sort of big disaster or
something.
Mysteries, mysteries...
"Hmm?"
Suddenly, I sense someone behind me and whirl around.
There's someone there, all right.
"Master Shadoooooow! Ow!"
Beta comes tumbling down.
She lands on her butt, then looks around with her eyes wide.
"Master Shadow, thank goodness you aren't hur—wait, where are
we?!"
You really didn't have to come, Beta.
Wait, scratch that. I just got a great idea.
She doesn't know a thing about Japan, so I can use this chance to do
a sweet eminence in shadow bit.
"Have you figured out where we are?" I ask her.
"Huh? We, um..." She thinks for a moment, then hangs her head.
"I'm afraid not."
"We're in another world... This world is called 'Earth,' and this land is
called 'Japan.'"
"W-wow! To think that you already investigated the names of the
world and country we're in...!"
"I just took the available visual data, organized it, and analyzed it.
Surely, that much is obvious."
"Your wonders never cease, my lord!"
Page | 171
Beta's eyes are practically glittering. Heh, this is pretty fun.
"So, Master Shadow, why did you decide to come to Urth?"
"Gaea whispered to me and told me to shine even brighter."
I just jumped in the hole because I thought it'd be cool, but there's
no way in hell I'm gonna tell her that.
"So, you mean that you weren't satisfied...and that you're seeking to
reach even greater heights?! Oh, what a noble mentality!"
"Yeah, that. What you said." I'm tired of being in Shadow mode, so I
switch back to acting like my usual self. "For starters, we should get
changed."
"What do you mean?"
"Our outfits are too conspicuous for this world. Let's go to the
Tanakas' place and find some new clothes."
I don't sense anyone around, but if anyone spotted us like this,
they'd think we were cosplayers or something.
"What's a Tanakas?"
"The people who live here. See the nameplate?"
"No way... You've already deciphered this world's script?"
"Yeah, I've figured out how most of this world's language works. It's
easy, really. All you have to do is look for the patterns."
Beta is so moved, she quivers. "Th-that's incredible. Learning a
language just by looking for patterns is a feat so unthinkably
complex, I can't even... Only Master Shadow could make it seem so
simple."
Bwa-ha-ha, bask in my radiance. Thanks to my past life, I have a
flawless command of Japanese.
"Let's go."
Page | 172
On that note, I grab Beta—who's taking some sort of notes—and
barge into the Tanakas' house at top speed.
The Tanaka house is in a sorry state. The building itself has fallen into
ruin, and the food is too rotten to eat.
I start out by rummaging through the rooms and grabbing whatever
articles of clothing catch my eye.
I end up settling on a hoodie, some jeans, and a pair of sneakers—
the perfect outfit for an autumn afternoon like this one.
Then, we have Beta.
"Master Shadow, I really do apologize for all the trouble."
She's modeling yet another outfit.
"What do you think about this one...?"
"...Beta, that's what we call a 'school swimsuit.'"
When Beta comes out from behind the door, my eyes meet navy
fabric, fair skin, and bulging flesh.
The swimsuit is practically bursting at the seams.
"A suit for swimming, you say...? But it's fantastically elastic, and the
material is efficient and easy to move in."
"Maybe, but you'll be chilly as hell."
"I can just use magic to make up for—"
"Vetoed."
"Aw..."
Beta slumps her shoulders and leaves the room.
Page | 173
I wish she'd just gone with the outfit I put together for her. She said,
"Thank you so much!" when I gave it to her, but the look on her face
told a different story, so I told her she could pick whatever she
wanted and left her to her own devices.
As it turns out, no good deed goes unpunished.
I sigh and get back to my rummaging.
This is fine, though.
It's not like we're in any sort of rush, after all. No harm in taking
things slow.
As a former Japanese citizen, I'm kind of curious about what
happened to this world. I hope humanity didn't go extinct, but I
guess you never know with these things.
The three things we need right now are food, water, and intel.
I keep looking through the rubble and eventually find a couple of
phones and tablets. I test them to see if they'll turn on, but no dice.
There's some paper media, too, but most of it is too weathered and
rain-damaged for its text to be legible.
I can just barely make out the words "Japan Collapses" on a scrap of
newspaper, followed by something illegible.
It'd be one thing if it said "Japan's Economy Collapses," but man.
"Japan Collapses," huh?
I wonder if they meant it metaphorically or in actuality. If it's the
latter, something really bad must have happened.
Once I finish searching the room, I head to the hallway and open the
next door down.
When I do, I'm greeted by a surprise.
"I thought I smelled blood..."
Page | 174
Inside, I find three bone-bleached corpses.
Their blood and bodily fluids have long since dried up, but the smell
still faintly lingers. From the look of it, they've been dead for at least
a few years.
They're accompanied by bloodstains, and not just on the floor.
There's blood splattered on the walls, too. Plus, their skeletons have
been crushed, and there are a couple bones unaccounted for.
However they died, it clearly wasn't pleasant.
"Too grotesque for a normal old homicide..."
Was it revenge, maybe? The work of a serial killer? Or something
else entirely?
I lay out the shattered bones and try to rearrange them into some
semblance of their original shapes.
"The thigh bone's connected to the hip bone, the hip bone's
connected to the backbone..."
There's no way I'm gonna be able to completely reconstruct the
skeleton, but even so, I'm able to fit a bunch of the parts back
together.
The bones begin to tell a story—a story of teeth.
When I reassemble one shattered femur, I find a deep set of bite
marks in it.
The teeth definitely weren't human. Whatever bit these guys, it had
a big-ass mouth and some pointy, pointy fangs.
"Was it a big dog? No, it'd have to be something even larger..."
We're looking at something about as big as a lion. The problem is,
lions aren't native to Japan, and while one could have escaped from
a zoo, that's so unlikely it's barely worth considering.
Page | 175
Huh.
I guess it could've been a bear?
No other likely culprit comes to mind, but whatever did this, it was
definitely a carnivore.
Not only did it attack the poor saps who lived here, it ate them, too.
"...Excuse me, my lord?"
"Yeah?"
"I'm so sorry to keep bothering you, but what do you think of this
outfit?"
When Beta comes in, she gives the skeletons a brief glance, but
quickly turns her attention back to me and does a twirl.
I dunno what metric she's basing these outfits on, but how much skin
they leave exposed seems to be a high priority for her.
"Beta...where did you find that?"
Once again, the outfit she's chosen is risqué as all hell.
"In what looked like a bedroom. It was under the bed, almost like
someone was keeping it hidden."
Yeah, I'll bet.
"Beta, that outfit...isn't for day-to-day use."
"But it looks just like my slime bodysuit, and it fits me perfectly."
"'Perfectly' is a bit of a stretch. Literally. That's a BDSM outfit."
The black, glossy fabric sticks tightly to her skin, and what's more,
there's so little of it that, just like last time, her body is bulging out of
it. All it would take is a single jostle to send certain parts spilling right
out.
The outfit is clearly designed for nighttime activities.
Page | 176
"Beady Essem?"
"Yup. It's designed for an extremely specialized purpose."
"What a shame. And it's so cute." Beta slumps her shoulders
dejectedly. "I even found this mask and whip with it, too..."
She dons the lustrous black mask and cracks the whip.
"I assume they used this to conceal their identity and fight evil, just
like we do. I'm a little puzzled about the whip, though. It seems a
touch too flimsy to use in an actual fight."
She cracks it a couple more times, causing her whole body to jiggle as
she envisions trying to use it in combat.
"Beta, that whip is a weapon made specifically for subduing a very
weak creature. A weak little pig that's practically dying to be told
what a bad boy they are..."
"I didn't realize Urth had pigs like that... I'm learning so much."
Beta's eyes gleam as she nods contemplatively.
"I must say, Master Shadow, I'm amazed! You've already figured out
what this world's specialized clothes are for, and it hasn't even been
an hour since we got here!"
Page | 177
Page | 178
"Uhhh...yup. That is definitely a thing that I did."
"Incredible! I'll have to work harder so I can learn to figure things out
that quickly."
"...Best of luck with that."
"Thank you!"
Beta's smile is downright dazzling.
"Out of curiosity, why do you keep picking such revealing outfits?"
"Well, it's so rare I get an opportunity like this..."
What's so rare about it?
Is she talking about getting to try out clothes made of unfamiliar
materials? Their unfamiliar designs? Their unfamiliar features? All of
the above?
"C'mon, go pick out some normal clothes."
"Yes, sir..."
Beta begrudgingly trudges out of the room.
By the time all's said and done, it takes us another full hour to leave
the Tanaka residence.
"So, where are we going?" Beta asks.
She's all done changing, and we just left the house.
Page | 179
The getup she settled on was a baggy knitted sweater, jeans, a pair
of sneakers, and a hat to hide her ears and hair. I was able to sell her
on it by emphasizing how easy the whole thing was to move in.
I also have a thirty-liter backpack I grabbed, which I filled with empty
bottles and our spare clothes.
"We'll start by finding a river to get water from. Then, we'll gather
more information on this world."
I wanna find out if this really is the same Japan I'm from, and if it is,
why it's fallen into ruin.
"I agree, that's a good plan. This world seems to be full of fascinating
technology."
And so, we set off in search of water.
If I conserve my energy, I can function for at least a month without
food, and I assume Beta can do the same.
Water, though—water'll getcha. I've never tested how long I can go
without it, but even I'd probably hit my limit at around ten days.
"I wonder what these pillars are for? It looks like they're made of
concrete, but why do they have them at such regular intervals? Are
they used in some sort of religious ritual?"
As we walk, Beta's eager gaze lands on the telephone poles. She's
armed with a pen and notepad, and she's sketching at a blistering
pace.
"Heh. Turn your gaze to the black wires running between the pillars.
See that metal in their cross sections? From that, you can deduce
that they're used to deliver electricity to each of the residences."
"Oh, you're right. The wires are connected to the houses. This world
must use electricity in really sophisticated ways. I can't believe you
found the answer so easily from so few clues."
Page | 180
"Heh-heh-heh..."
"But...if that's the case, then why don't they just bury the wires
underground?"
"Huh? Well, that's, errr..."
I dunno.
"...for c-cost performance reasons? A-a-and it would make it harder
to perform maintenance. Oh yeah, and earthquakes—underground
wires would run into big problems if they ever had an earthquake."
"But wouldn't an earthquake knock the pillars over, too?"
"They, uhhhhhhh, they're really sturdy pillars."
Beta nods. "You're absolutely right. Burying the wires underground
would be time-consuming, so if hanging them up is inexpensive, it's
probably a viable alternative."
"For sure, for sure, for sure."
"But then, if this 'Jappan' had all this advanced technology, how did
it fall into such ruin? I don't see any signs of drought or flooding, so I
find it hard to imagine this all having been caused by a natural
disaster."
"Your confusion is reasonable, but...I have a pretty good idea of what
happened here."
That part's true, actually.
"Wh... You've already deduced the cause?!"
"Indeed...," I say with a meaningful smile.
I have a solid theory, although I'm not quite certain of anything yet.
I don't wanna say it out loud in case I end up being wrong, but the
cause is probably related to the magic wafting through the air.
Page | 181
To the best of my knowledge, nobody ever actually found magic in
my old world aside from those two lights I saw right before I died.
Now, though, this place is brimming with the stuff.
In other words, Japan probably fell victim to some sort of magical
incident.
When that happened, all the sudden changes caused a massive
panic.
That's what I've got my money on, at least.
Beta's nose twitches. "I smell water in that direction."
"You're right."
I used to live here, so I already know where the river is, but that's
neither here nor there.
When we arrive at the river, it's way clearer than I remember it
being. I guess that's what happens when all the humans disappear.
"It looks potable, at least," Beta says.
I divvy up the empty bottles and begin filling mine with water.
We're not boiling the water, but thanks to magic tempering, our
stomachs are like steel, so we'll be fine.
"I see fish, so we should be all right as far as food goes, too," Beta
notes. "Shall we catch some?"
"Nah, let's worry about that later. We can just go hunting if we get
hungry."
"Ah, you're right. There are birds in the sky as well, so we have
plenty of options."
"Ayup."
I load the bottles into my backpack and hoist it onto my back.
"Here, let me take that," Beta offers.
Page | 182
"Nah, I got it. In this nation's culture, it's the custom for men to carry
the luggage."
"I see... I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that you've already
mastered this world's customs."
"Of course not. Now, as for our next destination..."
"I'd like to go to some sort of communal building. We might be able
to find some documents or impressive feats of engineering there."
"Hmm. In that case, maybe the library...? Oh, we can go to Nishino
University!"
Nishino Zaibatsu is crazy rich, and one of the things they did with
their money is build a ridiculously fancy, high-tech university atop a
nearby mountain. It's a school for pampered rich kids, and an enemy
of the masses. I once swore to take a crowbar and smash every
window on the campus, but I ended up getting reincarnated before I
could make good on that vow.
"What's that?" Beta asks.
"According to some reliable intel, a bunch of rich scoundrels dumped
a boatload of cash into building a fancy research institution. They
probably used it to perform illegal human experimentation."
"I see this world is no stranger to evil."
"Wherever there is light, so too is there darkness. Such is the way of
the world..."
"Wise words, my lord."
And so, we set off.
We stop by my old house on the way there and find that there's
nothing left of it but rubble.
Mom, Dad, and my dog, John, had to move to America because of a
job relocation, though, so they're probably fine.
Page | 183
The sun begins setting, and honestly, the vermilion autumn sky is
super pretty.
We could've made it to the university in no time if we'd just dashed
there at full speed, but Beta was having so much fun sightseeing, and
I was having so much fun giving her exposition that we ended up
taking it fairly slow.
It's fine, though. Either way, we'll get there by the end of the day.
As we walk, a serious expression crosses Beta's face. "After seeing all
this, I got to thinking..."
"Oh yeah?"
"The alphabet this 'Jappan' uses looks oddly familiar."
"It does...?"
Beta's from a whole different world, so there's no way she's ever
seen written Japanese before, unless—ah!
Now that she mentions it, I used Japanese in that coded message I
gave her, didn't I?
Wait, does that mean she actually deciphered it?!
No, no. Let's think about this rationally.
There's no way a fifteen-year-old elf could possibly have done that.
She probably just subconsciously noticed the similarities between
the characters, that's all.
"Y-you're probably just imagining things."
"Am I? I wonder..."
This could be bad.
Page | 184
If Beta figures out how to read Japanese, she'll figure out that all my
Shadow Wisdom is actually just from here.
When I told her and the others about chocolate and paper money
and banks and literature, I told them that it was all stuff I invented
on my own.
I gotta get her back to her original world, pron...to?
Then, I finally realize something.
How are we supposed to get back?
"What's wrong, Master Shadow? It looks like you've broken out into
a cold sweat."
"I'm, uhhh...doing thermoregulation training."
All I wanted to do was pull off a badass exit, but now I'm in a giant
mess!
How could I, of all people, forget to plan out an escape route?
"Master Shadow, you're shivering."
"I'm, uhhh...experimenting with a technique where I vibrate my body
to generate sonic waves."
"That's my Master Shadow—always striving to better himself!"
C'mon, settle down.
I got to this world by jumping in a black hole, so if I find another black
hole to jump in, it should shoot me right back.
It's gonna be okay. Everything's gonna work out.
For starters, I just need to look for a powerful source of magic...
Before I can finish my thought, however, I catch a whiff of the
breeze.
"Hmm. I know this smell..."
Page | 185
It's one I'm well familiar with—the putrid stink of death.
It's like the way the Tanaka house smelled, but way, way stronger.
The odor is practically suffocating.
"I think the smell is coming from that building over there," Beta says.
"Ah...the hospital."
"You mean, like a large infirmary? I guess this society must not have
developed magical healing techniques."
"It would appear not."
I mean, they weren't supposed to have magic at all.
"It seems like the smell is coming from the top floor," I say.
"So it does," Beta replies.
"Shall we?"
"Yes, sir."
"On my mark, jump."
I can sense traces of magic coming from the hospital.
Hopefully, there'll be a clue there that can lead me to the black hole.
The two of us jump in unison and go for a shortcut to the top floor.
Glass shatters as we successfully make our dynamic entry.
The lights are off, so the room is dark. Fortunately, we could move
around just fine even if it were pitch-black.
"It's a sickroom," I note.
"I see bloodstains."
"And signs of a struggle."
"No bodies, though."
Page | 186
Still, it's probably nearby. The same thing happens a lot when people
get attacked by bandits. Once someone's lost this much blood, they
probably aren't getting far.
We open the door and head out of the room.
"Bingo."
When we do, we find a set of corpses scattered across the bloodsoaked hallway.
Beta doesn't so much as hesitate before going in and manually
inspecting them.
"It looks like they were eaten by some kind of animal."
"Makes sense."
I don't want to get my hands dirty or for the smell to get stuck to my
clothes, so I leave the autopsy to Beta.
Considering the stage of their decomposition, I estimate that they
probably died less than a week ago.
Oh hey, Beta made gloves out of her slime.
Slime gloves, huh? I never thought of that.
She's a smart cookie, that Beta.
"I think it's safe to say these were humans from this world. All told,
there are three bodies: two men, one woman, all adults." As Beta
speaks, she lays out the three skulls with some hair still attached.
"Based on the ambient temperature and humidity, I estimate the
time of death at about five days ago."
"In other words, there were people here at least that recently," I
muse.
"We might be able to find other survivors."
Then, I sense it.
Page | 187
Something in the hospital is on the move.
"Beta."
"Hmm...? Ah, we're not alone."
A moment later, Beta notices the same thing.
There's a presence one floor down.
"Let's go check it out."
Without further ado, we barrel down the stairs to catch the
creatures.
The creatures in question are some sort of darkish beasts.
I take two of them, and Beta takes a third.
We grab them by the hind legs and yank them onto the ground.
"Do you think these things are behind the crime scene up there?"
Beta asks.
"Probably, yeah."
We observe the beasts as they struggle and thrash about.
"You know," she says, "they look a lot like the magical beasts that
were laying waste to Oriana."
"You're right, they do."
Now that she mentions it, they do kinda resemble the black
creatures that got summoned alongside the big bat.
They have that same black fur, and their red eyes look similar, too. In
terms of how much mana they have, though, the creatures in Oriana
have these guys beat by a country mile.
They're kind of like a cross between a lion and a bear, and between
that and the admittedly meager amount of mana they have, an
Page | 188
average human would have a pretty tough time dealing with one of
these.
Compared to me and Beta, though...
"...They're so weak."
"They really are," Beta agrees.
She plants her foot atop the raging beast's neck and stomps down,
pulverizing its throat and ending its life.
Blood goes spraying everywhere, so I have to use the beasts I've
grabbed as shields to block it.
"Oh, I'm sorry, my lord."
"Don't worry about it."
I have one creature in each hand, and I smash them together to kill
them.
Y'know, looking at how big the fangs on these things are, I bet these
are the same type of beasts as the ones behind the Tanaka house
attack.
Looks like Japan's discovery of magic did a real number on the
environment.
Did the local fauna hit the gym or something?
"Master Shadow, are these the weak little pigs you mentioned
earlier?"
"No, the pigs are even weaker than this."
"Weaker that this? It boggles the mind. How did they survive out in
the wild?"
"It's a mystery, for sure."
"Mysteries upon mysteries..."
Page | 189
"Oh, whoop."
I quickly conjure a slime sword and slash behind myself, cleaving in
two the beast that was coming after me.
"Splendid work," Beta says. She makes a sword as well and swings it
downward.
A beast is charging at her head-on, but although her attack splits it
clean down the middle, more and more of the black creatures are
gathering by the moment.
"Looks like this place is their nest," I comment.
"It does, doesn't it? I suspect they start their day around sundown."
That would explain why the magic I sensed earlier was so faint.
We spend the next little while cleaning up the magical beasts as they
try to attack us.
All in all, we end up killing about fifty of 'em.
Throughout the battle, I make sure to use my slime to shield myself
so I don't get any blood on my clothes.
"It feels silly to even suggest, but... Is there a chance that here in
Jappan, these creatures rule the ecosystem from atop the food
chain?" Beta asks.
"It's...a definite possibility."
Trying to beat these bad boys without magic would be an uphill
battle.
Even if you manage to wound them with conventional attacks, they
can regenerate the damage in barely any time at all.
These magical beasts are hella weak, so a thousand rounds from a
machine gun would probably be enough to leave them too wounded
Page | 190
to regenerate, but at that point, it'd almost be more efficient to just
try to get them to attack each other.
Over in our world, dealing with powerful magical beasts is a job for
dark knights, and while regular knights do take on weaker magical
beasts, they do it with magically enchanted swords.
Although these beasts are pretty feeble by our standards, it'd be no
surprise if they were able to reign supreme over a world that hadn't
developed magic.
"Master Shadow, I assume you've already noticed, but..."
"Hmm?"
"...I sense people."
Oh hey, yeah, someone just came into the hospital.
"Should we make contact?" Beta asks me.
"Good question... Let's stay flexible and play it by ear."
Akane Nishino arrives in the abandoned hospital with four
teammates in tow.
Her black hair is elegant and tidy, and her eyes are a striking shade of
red.
"This is where the three of them were searching before they went
missing."
"By all accounts, yes."
Five days ago, three of their knights headed to this dilapidated
hospital to investigate the beasts that had taken up nesting there.
Page | 191
The hospital is close to their base, Nishino University. A nest there
could grow too large for them to handle if they didn't deal with it.
The thing is, the knights never returned.
Akane pushed to launch a rescue mission, but her request was
vetoed from on high. The base already had its hands full from
investigating the other incident from the previous week, and they
didn't have the knights to spare. In the end, the hospital situation got
put on the back burner.
Akane knows how slim the odds are that any of the knights are still
alive.
At the same time, though, she can't bring herself to abandon the
people she's fought shoulder to shoulder with.
The look in her eyes hardens. "Was that investigation really more
important than people's lives...?"
The person who opposed the rescue mission was a man researching
magic—as well as Akane's own brother.
"Akane..."
"Sorry, it's nothing," she replies. "We should hurry."
For now, their top priority is confirming whether those three are
alive or dead.
She would have liked to help earlier, but the security in the
afternoons is too tight, so the only chance she has to act is at night.
Not even her brother would expect her to go out this late.
After all, night is when the beasts reign...
"Get ready for a fight. They're here."
When they walk through the hospital's entrance, they're hit with the
cloying reek of death.
Page | 192
None of them waste a moment before drawing their weapons.
Most of them are armed with little more than kitchen knives, but
Akane is equipped with a long katana.
Her weapon shines as she runs magic through it.
The most efficient way to kill a beast is by slashing it with a bladed
weapon imbued with magic, as projectile weapons lose their magical
charge too quickly as they fly away from the user's body.
"Let's go."
Night is when beasts are at their strongest. A single one of them is
enough to give an average knight a run for their money.
The group proceeds with utmost caution.
Their footsteps echo through the ruined hospital's flashlightilluminated hallways.
The beasts have already noticed their incursion, no doubt.
Any moment now, they're going to leap out and—
Drip.
"Huh?"
Some sort of sticky liquid drips down on them.
"What is this stuff...?"
"Look out! Above you!"
It's drool from the beast clinging to the ceiling.
***
The beast descends, smothering the knight with its body.
"They're behind us, too!"
"W-we're surrounded!"
Page | 193
Another beast leaps out of the darkness at Akane, but she dodges to
the side and brings her katana down on its back.
It lets out a horrid cry and writhes in pain.
Then, she whirls around and mows down the beast that landed on
the knight.
"Are you okay?!"
"M-my shoulder... It's b-bleeding pretty bad..."
He isn't in immediate mortal danger, but the wound is deep.
"Everyone, be calm! Form up with the wall to your backs!"
Akane pushes the wounded soldier up against the wall and swings
her katana while protecting him with her body.
Her panicking squadmates slowly begin getting back into formation.
Somehow or other, they manage to pull it together.
***
Then, Akane abandons cooperation and takes a big step forward.
Her blade glows bright as she pours huge amounts of magic into it.
That's when—
"Wh-whoa."
"Akane's so amazing..."
Her slash bisects three beasts clean through, ending the fight right
there and then.
She wipes the blood splatters off herself and inspects her defeated
foes.
There are seven of them in all, five of which Akane downed herself.
Page | 194
She goes around and deals the coup de grâce to each of the beasts.
They're so resilient that average knights have to hack away at them
for ages to actually kill one.
If things had gone even a little bit worse, she and her squad could
have gotten wiped out. That just goes to show how terrifying beasts
are at night.
Once she's done killing them all, Akane breathes a sigh of relief. "Is
everyone all right?"
"I-I'm good."
"Me too. Just a few scratches."
"They got a pretty good chunk outta my arm."
"My shoulderrrrr..."
Even that short battle took quite a toll on them. Pressing on would
be a dangerous ordeal.
"You—you're in charge of first aid," Akane says.
"Y-you got it."
"But what about you, Akane?"
"I'm going to go check upstairs."
Their fight just then should have left the ground floor clear of beasts.
If Akane leaves the others here, she'll be free to explore the rest of
the building and fight to her heart's content.
"Y-you can't! We can't let you go alone!"
"Yeah! We're not about to abandon the Savior!"
"Cut that out." Akane silences them, her voice as cold as ice. "I'm...
I'm no savior."
"B-but you have that special power..."
Page | 195
"And everyone calls you the Savior! They say that you're going to
save us all!"
Akane averts her eyes, unable to endure her squadmates' imploring
gazes.
Sure, she has more magic than the average knight.
And sure, she's used that power to kill tons of beasts and save tons
of lives.
But that's not why people call her that.
It's all because of those rumors her brother started. He just wants to
use her and her power as a means to manipulate the desperate.
She's not strong enough to save the world.
However...Akane can't bring herself to tell them that.
"I'm just doing what I can," she says noncommittally.
"We know that. It's why we follow you."
"And we're not gonna leave you on your own!"
"...Have it your way," she replies.
Akane and the others carry their wounded and head toward the
stairs.
Each step they take shaves away a little more of Akane's resolve.
Then, the thick smell of blood hits her, and she stops in her tracks.
"Wh-what is this...?"
Their flashlights reveal a pool of red blood down at the end of the
corridor. The pool extends down past the bend in the hallway.
She can tell by the scent and the color that it isn't human blood.
It's beast blood.
Page | 196
And it's not just one beast's worth of blood, either. It would have
taken tons of them to shed that much blood.
They shine their flashlights around the corner.
"Ahh!"
One of her squadmates lets out a noise halfway between a gasp and
a scream, and even Akane can't help but recoil a step.
It's like looking at a lake of blood.
The ceiling and walls are dyed just as red as the floor, and the blood
is accompanied by floating chunks of dead beast.
There're so many corpses it seems impossible to even count them.
"What could've happened here?"
"Wh-what the...?"
"You're kidding..."
Killing this many beasts would require mobilizing a squad of knights
several dozen strong.
What local group even has that many knights at their disposal?
As far as Akane knows, neither her own Messiah nor any of the
neighboring factions have anything resembling that kind of man
power.
Who did this? And why?
Suddenly, Akane thinks of a possibility.
"...Could an apex beast have done this?"
"What? An apex beast?!"
"From what I hear, an apex beast might have been involved with the
incident my brother is looking into, as well."
***
Page | 197
Her squadmates go as white as sheets.
There aren't any factions in the vicinity with the power to pull
something like this off, so the odds that this was done by something
other than a human—like an apex beast—are exceedingly high.
Not all beasts in this world are the same.
Over ten different subspecies have already been identified, but one
of them in particular—the incredibly powerful variant dubbed the
apex beast—is responsible for countless dead knights and destroyed
bases.
Apex beasts are like fear given flesh.
"Akane, w-we should get out of here, now."
"There's no way it's still around," she replies. If it was, we'd all be
long dead, she tells herself. "And we still have to investigate. If an
apex beast really did do this, then we need all the information we
can get."
"Y-yes, ma'am..."
The group timidly gets to work.
"These ones look like they were torn apart by fangs, but...it doesn't
make sense. These cuts are too clean."
"It has sharp claws, then," Akane notes.
"Th-these ones have been crushed flat. Oh, God, that's gross."
"Tremendous strength," she adds.
"Th-these ones have parts all over the place... It's like they were
shredded to bits."
"And a nasty cruel streak," she concludes.
It's one piece of bad news after another.
Page | 198
Even Akane has to admit that this apex beast's power is off the
charts.
All of the beasts there were defeated in a single strike.
Akane's taken out a couple apex beasts in her day, but this thing is
clearly far stronger than anything she's ever encountered.
"We need a name for this new apex beast," she says. "I suggest 'the
Brute.'"
"Looking at this mess, I'd say that's more than appropriate."
Suddenly, another squadmate calls over. "There's someone here! We
found survivors!"
"What?!" Akane yelps.
She had all but given up on finding the missing trio alive.
A moment later, though, her newly reignited hopes are dashed.
The people lying facedown in the hallway are strangers she's never
seen.
"Who are they?"
"Beats me, I just found them lying here. I think they're unconscious."
There are two of them.
The first is a boy with black hair.
He's wearing jeans and a hoodie and carrying a backpack on his back.
He's the kind of generic refugee you could find just about anywhere.
"You think maybe their base got destroyed recently or something?"
"With an apex beast roaming around, I'd say that seems likely."
Human strongholds falling to beast attacks has become a sadly
common occurrence.
Page | 199
Whenever that happens, the residents are forced to search for new
bases to join as refugees.
If a refugee can use magic, they'll be accepted just about anywhere
with open arms.
However, it's all too common for refugees who aren't so useful to
get turned away at the gates, and even if they are allowed in, they're
often forced to do backbreaking manual labor to earn their keep.
These days, nobody ever has enough supplies to go around.
Akane wonders if Nishino University will even take him.
"A-Akane, look at the girl! Look at her hair! It's silver!"
"What?!"
Much to everyone's surprise, the refugee girl's hair is a beautiful
shade of silver.
Akane removes the girl's hat to get a better look.
Sure enough, it's silver down to the roots.
"Could she really be an Awakened...?"
There are some knights called the Awakened whose magic is leagues
stronger than anyone else's.
Akane, with her red eyes, numbers among their ranks.
Those are the two notable features of the Awakened—their
tremendous magic, and their physical idiosyncrasies.
In Akane's case, her eyes turned red, but her anomaly is on the
lighter side. Some people, like this girl, see their hair color change,
and other unfortunate souls even experience horrible whole-body
mutations.
"And look at her ears, Akane. They're so long."
Page | 200
The girl's ears are long and pointed, almost like an elf's out of a fairy
tale.
"That settles it. She's an Awakened, for sure."
"A-an Awakened..."
Akane's squadmates shrink back from the girl, almost as though
they're scared of her.
It's not uncommon for the changes the Awakened go through to
affect their personalities.
There's no shortage of Awakeneds who use their incredible magic to
kill people and end up having to be destroyed.
Those like Akane, who don't have any visible changes to their
personality, are in the minority. That's why so many call her the
Savior.
"Don't worry. She was together with the boy, so she shouldn't be
dangerous."
"O-oh yeah, good point. You're right, she's probably fine."
The squad members' expressions lighten a little.
As much as people fear the Awakened, they also seek their power.
"Are we going to take them both back with us?"
"Obviously," Akane replies.
"But our supplies are thin as it is. We could leave the boy behind and
just take the—"
"Now listen here."
For a brief moment, Akane loses it.
However, seeing the unease that flashes across her squadmates'
faces helps her return to her senses.
Page | 201
"He might be a relative of hers. What do you plan on telling her
when she wakes up?"
"Y-you're right! We wouldn't want to upset her and risk having her
leave!"
"Yeah, let's take them both and get out of here!"
Akane can feel her heart grow colder as she looks at her squadmates'
forced smiles.
However, she can't really blame them.
Everyone has their hands full just worrying about themselves.
The only reason she's able to show more compassion than they can
is the security her strong magic offers her. At least, that's what she
tells herself to try to dampen her displeasure.
"Let's go."
Akane hoists the girl up onto her back and leaves the boy for the
others to handle. She feels the girl's gentle warmth spread across her
body.
She really is pretty.
She's probably still high school–aged. Akane remembers high school.
She'll never forget that happy youth she had.
Whenever things get tough nowadays, she always reminisces about
back then and fantasizes that he'll come and save her again.
She knows that'll never happen, though.
After all, he died ages ago.
Page | 202
Page | 203
Page | 204
Chapter 5: Sneaking Around in Japan, Just
Like the Old Days!!
After that, Akane and her squad find the three knights' bodies and
return to Nishino University.
The gate to the base is locked tight.
Night is when the guards are at their most alert.
After all, that's when the beasts are active.
The bulwark's perimeter is illuminated by bright lights, and keeneyed knights patrol atop it all through the night. The purpose of the
tall walls is twofold: to stop beasts from getting in, and to make it
easy to sound the alarm if any draw near.
This day, though, what the guards find isn't a beast—it's Akane and
her squad.
"And that's all you have to report?"
The first one to come meet her is her brother, Akira Nishino. He's
wearing glasses and a lab coat and has an anxious, puckered-up look
on his face.
"Yes. I take full responsibility for what happened."
Akane's just finished handing over her wounded squadmates to the
medical team and telling her brother what went down.
She's the one who took a bunch of knights off-base at night without
permission. She still thinks her brother was in the wrong, but she has
no intention of trying to avoid the consequences for what she's
done.
"That's not for you to decide."
"The others were only following my orders."
Page | 205
"Really?"
"Really."
Akira gives her answer a twisted grin. "I'm going to all the others
next and asking them what happened, too. It'll be interesting to see
how they remember it—whether they were obeying your orders, or
acting on their own volition."
***
Akane didn't give her squadmates a single order. To the contrary,
she'd been planning on going in solo. They were the ones who forced
her to let them come along.
"Giving me false testimony isn't going to do you any favors, you
know."
Akane hangs her head.
"Still, I'm not a monster. I hear you brought back two refugees, and
that one of them was an Awakened."
"...That's right."
"Where are they? Take me to them."
"They're unconscious. We should wait for them to wake up and get
their bearings before we—"
"Take me to them, now."
"...Yes, sir."
Akane left the two refugees in the infirmary in the base's residential
area.
Page | 206
Like every base, their residential area is wildly overcrowded. Even in
this section, where Akane's room is, there are people conspicuously
sleeping in the hallways.
"They're in here," Akane says.
When she enters the room, she's greeted by a chipper voice from
within. "Akane, is that you? Perfect timing. One of the kids just—"
A woman comes over wearing a lab coat and a friendly smile.
When she spots Akira standing behind Akane, though, the words get
caught in her throat.
Page | 207
Page | 208
"It's okay, Dr. Yuuka. You can tell him."
On Akane's urging, the lab coat–clad Yuuka hesitantly goes on. "The
boy just woke up."
There are two beds in the room. One of them has a boy on it, the
other has a girl.
The girl's eyes are still closed fast, but the boy is sitting up and
looking their way.
"U-um... Where am I?" he asks nervously.
"You're at Nishino University. We found you passed out at the
hospital and took you in," Yuuka says gently. "How much do you
remember?"
"The hospital...? Why was I at the hospital...?"
Yuuka lowers her voice to a hush. "He seems to be suffering from
memory problems."
"Is he okay?" Akane asks.
"It's probably temporary, caused by overexposure to magic."
"He might have seen the Brute firsthand," Akane theorizes.
"The apex beast from your report?" Akira says. "If that's true, you
need to get his memories back, now."
Yuuka gives him a weak nod, then turns back to the boy. "Can you
remember anything? What's your name?"
"My name...? It's, uh...it's Minoru."
When the boy named Minoru says his name, it doesn't seem to come
easily to him.
Page | 209
Upon hearing it, Akane finds herself reminded of him.
The boy in front of her even kind of reminds her of him.
She can't put her finger on why, but he does.
"What about your last name? Do you remember it?"
"It's Kage—err, no, I can't remember..."
"What about the girl you were with?"
"The girl..." The boy's eyes go wide. "Wait, you mean Natsume?! Is
Natsume okay?!"
"Her name's Natsume, then? Don't worry, she's right there next to
you."
Minoru breathes a sigh of relief. "Oh, thank God... If my little sister
got hurt, I dunno what I'd do."
"Ah, so she's your sister. What can you tell us about her?"
"She, um... Well, uh..."
"It's okay, we already know. She's an Awakened, right?"
"Huh? Oh, sure, yeah! She's got pointy ears and silver hair..."
"But she's a good kid, right?"
"Huh? Oh, yeah, for sure! It's just, the thing is, she can't talk."
"Really...? That must be so difficult."
The fact that the girl lost her ability to speak means that her
mutation must have been pretty severe.
The boy must have had a hell of a time trying to get through to her.
"I'm Yuuka, the doctor here. As far as her care goes, I intend to take
full—"
Page | 210
"I'll look after her personally," Akira says, cutting her off and
speaking to Minoru directly.
"W-wait...who're you?"
"I'm Akira Nishino, one of the people in charge here. I'm also a
researcher by trade, and I spend my days working as hard as I can to
research magic and the Awakened so I can help people."
"I—I see..."
"Your sister's had it rough because of her mutation, and that's
something I can appreciate better than most. My sister's an
Awakened, too."
"Really?"
"Can you trust us with your sister? I swear to you, I'll do everything in
my power to help her talk again."
"I—I dunno... I'd have to ask her first."
"Ask her? I thought she couldn't talk."
"Oh, uh... Right, she can't talk, but we still manage to communicate
through gestures and stuff."
"I see. So, she's retained a certain degree of her sanity..."
Akira sinks into thought. His expression is mixed.
"Brother dear," Akane says, "she hasn't even woken up yet, and the
boy is clearly still getting his bearings. Maybe it would be better if
you came back later and asked them then."
"You're right," he replies, then turns back to Minoru. "I'm sure this is
all a bit sudden for you. For tonight, just rest easy. You're guests of
Messiah now."
"Th-thank you for being so welcoming."
Page | 211
After gently comforting the boy, he takes Akane and leaves the
room.
Once they're out, he laughs coldly. "What a naive child."
"What do you plan on doing with them?"
Akira doesn't answer. He just lets out an ominous laugh and heads
for the schoolhouse.
Cid's voice echoes through the dimly lit infirmary. "The room's
clear."
It's been a little while since the earlier conversation, and the lady
doctor has left, too, meaning that Beta and Cid are now alone.
"Master Shadow..."
When Beta opens her eyes, she finds her lord sitting on the
windowsill and looking up at the moon. She can see the anguish
lurking just below his expression's surface. Those ebony eyes of his
are fixed on the distant future; he's surely weaving elaborate plans in
his head.
"I can't believe you've learned to speak this world's language
already."
Out of everything that's happened so far, his earlier conversation
with the locals is what surprised Beta the most.
His learning to read the language in just a few short hours came as a
shock, sure, but who could have even dreamed that he would be
able to figure out the pronunciations as well and actually be able to
put that knowledge into practice?
Page | 212
"I listened to their conversations while we were pretending to be
unconscious and pieced together their meaning through a
combination of the sounds they made, the way they moved their
mouths, and the expressions they made. It's a simple trick."
Shadow's nonchalance toward his own feat makes Beta's awed gaze
grow even more fervent.
He may have listened to a conversation, but it was only a short one.
Plus, Beta could tell from the locals' reactions just how absurdly
proficient her lord's pronunciation was.
The feat he's performed—arriving so directly at the answer to
understanding a language's underlying logic, even going so far as to
master its phonetics—can only be described as divine.
"I'll be going as Minoru in this world, and I told them you're called
Natsume. Our backstory is that you're my little sister."
"We're siblings?"
"I figured it'd play better that way. Also, I told them you can't talk."
"Well, I technically can't, so that works out nicely as well. Though I'll
be doing my best to rectify that, of course."
"Nah, I think you should stay the way you are. I just feel like that's a
better route."
"Oh, I see... Then in that case, I'll remain mute."
Clearly, he wants her to continue feigning being unable to talk as a
way to gather information by making the other side let their guard
down. Using her muteness to their advantage is a clever trick.
For that trick to work, however, she needs to learn the local language
as fast as possible.
"Now, here's the plan moving forward. I want to use this base as a
place to gather information from."
Page | 213
"I see, so intel gathering is the name of the game..."
In other words, he's saying that he came to this world in order to
gain power.
What kind of power, though?
Easy—this world's knowledge and technology.
Compared to their old world, this civilization is far more advanced.
Taking its fruits back with them will allow the Shadow Garden to
progress by leaps and bounds. To the Shadow Garden, that's the
most valuable kind of power there is. That's what he wants it for.
Beta is sure of it.
"Now, my suggestion is that we act independently," he says.
"What do you mean?"
"Because Natsume's ears and hair color are different, they're under
the mistaken impression that you have a disease."
"Ah, of course."
He must have used his masterful conversational skills to engender
that misunderstanding. Now, they'll be able to gather information
from two places at once.
Joining an existing community is the best way to get information fast.
Thanks to how skillfully he stayed flexible and played things by ear,
he was able to get them accepted into this one without anyone
suspecting a thing.
Now, all they have to do is milk these people for all the intel and tech
know-how they're worth, then head back home.
As far as the heading home part goes, they simply have to trace
Mordred's magic. He merged with Ragnarok, and he's definitely
linked back to their original world.
Page | 214
Once they find him, they'll be able to reactivate the Black Rose. Beta
is sure of it.
"Now, one of the big shots here wants to examine Natsume's illness
himself."
"Understood. So that's what's going on..."
In short, he's telling her that her job is to place herself right in the
heart of the community and steal information from there.
"Yup, that's exactly it. Just remember to pretend to be sick twentyfour seven. Make sure you don't go wandering around at all."
"Of course. I would never blow my cover like that."
He's saying that she needs to make sure her acting is impeccable so
their hosts underestimate her. That way, she'll be able to proactively
use her position to steal the information they need.
"This Akira Nishino guy is gonna come by as early as tomorrow to
pick you up."
"Understood. How do you want me to handle my reports?"
"I'll come get them in person."
In other words, there's no fixed schedule, and he's leaving the details
up to her discretion.
"As you wish."
"Cool, cool."
With a composed look on his face, her lord takes the nearby pitcher
and pours himself a cup of water.
They're in an unfamiliar place—an unfamiliar world, even—and yet
he doesn't seem nervous or tense in the slightest. It's like he already
thinks of this place as his second homeland.
Page | 215
The only explanation for that must be his unshakable selfconfidence.
Her lord is confident that no matter the time, place, or situation, he'll
be able to overcome anything that stands in his way.
Beta hides beneath her blanket and jots this moment down in The
Chronicles of Master Shadow so she'll never forget it.
Tomorrow, the information gathering mission will begin in earnest.
However, it took her lord but a scant few hours to master this
world's language, gather the essential intel, and come up with the
perfect plan. He even managed to insert Beta right in the heart of
this local community.
It'll only take them a few days to strip their unwitting hosts bare of
any information worth taking.
Beta is certain of it.
A new morning has arrived, and hot damn, how I've waited for it!
As soon as the sun comes up, I immediately pawn Beta off on Akira
Nishino and suck in a big lungful of the brisk air.
That should do a pretty good job of restricting her movements.
It'll also inhibit her ability to study Japanese, and all my lies will be
safe for that much longer. Now, I just have to use this time I've
bought to find a way to get back to our original world.
"Heh-heh-heh... It's the perfect plan."
The question is, how long will it take her to learn the language? I
mean, she has always been a smart one.
I wanna say...six months, probably?
Page | 216
I should keep my estimate conservative to be safe, though, so let's
go with three.
With three months to work with, I'm sure I can find a lead on how to
get us back home. The fact that we got here in the first place means
there's gotta be something somewhere linking back to our world.
For the time being, however, as I'm gathering intel on the black hole
and any powerful magic I can find...I don't see why I can't have
myself a little fun here in Japan.
I'm, like, pretty much certain that this is the world I lived in during
my old life.
It's got my house—destroyed as it is—and it even has my old
classmate, Akane Nishino. When I saw her just now, she looked like
she was about twenty.
That means it's been a couple years since I died here. Something
happened during those years, and whatever it was, it was big and
magicky.
I can feel it in my bones. Something really, really fun is afoot.
I think it's time for a certain almighty jet-black badass from another
world to make his appearance here in the tatters of Japan.
As a profound grin spreads across my face, I hear a knock on the
door.
"Good morning, Minoru."
"I—I remember you. From last night..."
"Oh, right, I haven't introduced myself. I'm Akane Nishino, a knight
here at Messiah."
The infirmary door swings open. Akane Nishino is standing behind it
dressed in a uniform I remember fondly.
Page | 217
She's got black hair and red eyes. Her eyes used to be similarly black,
but I guess something magicky must've happened to turn them red.
Dunno what, though.
As for the outfit, though, she's wearing a white blazer, a checkered
skirt, and black tights. It's the uniform from my alma mater,
Sakurazaka High School. She was dressed the same way last night,
too.
"That uniform..."
"What, this? It's Sakurazaka High School's. In Messiah, all the knights
wear this. You know how police officers wear uniforms? It's the same
idea."
She does a little twirl.
"Oh, huh. I guess my memories are still pretty jumbled..."
"I don't blame you. Just take it slow and remember what you can,
okay? If there's stuff you're confused about, you can ask me
anything."
"Thanks, that means a lot. Actually, I did have something I wanted to
ask."
"Of course. Before you do, though..."
She smiles kindly.
"...what would you say to some breakfast?"
There's a big group of people gathered around one of the university's
pavilions and waiting in line for food to be handed out.
The two of us join the back of the line.
"Surprised?" Akane asks.
Page | 218
"What? Oh, for sure."
I dunno what it is I'm supposed to be surprised about.
"It really is amazing, just how many people Messiah is able to feed.
We generate electricity on-site, so we're able to use cutting-edge
equipment to produce food," she says with a touch of pride.
"Because of how peaceful and consistent things are here, we're the
most populous base in the region."
"That's incredible."
"Although that prosperity is a double-edged sword."
"Oh?"
"We don't have enough knights to go around. Each of us is in charge
of protecting over a hundred residents. It's stretching us thin, and
we've already started suffering more casualties. That's where she
comes in."
"Who?"
"It was...Natsume, right? I saw her over in my brother's lab this
morning."
"Oh, yeah, I figured he would be the best person to treat her."
"Ah... I'm so sorry."
"Sorry about what?"
Akane goes quiet for a moment, then shakes her head. "It's nothing.
Just leave her to us. I'll do everything I can to help her."
"Thanks, I'm counting on you."
Counting on you to keep her on a short leash, that is.
"My brother is... He's an amazing researcher. He's the one who got
the generator and all the equipment up and running. But those same
facilities make us a target for other bases."
Page | 219
"Oh, makes sense."
"That's why we're in such a hurry to expand our combat assets," she
says quietly so as not to be heard.
The two of us finally get our food and head over to a nearby clearing
on a lawn.
"By the way, about that question," I say as we sit down and start
eating.
"Of course, ask away."
Our breakfast is a brown rice and vegetable gruel seasoned with
what tastes like miso. It's healthy, but it's definitely not winning any
awards.
Still, given how proud Akane sounded when she talked about it, I
guess this is a pretty hearty meal by the world's new standards.
"My memories are pretty jumbled up, and there's a bunch of stuff I
don't remember, so I was hoping you could give me a quick
refresher, starting from the very beginning."
"What do you mean, the beginning?"
"Like, the day Japan got like this."
"Oh, you mean the event three years ago?"
Interesting. So, that's how long it's been.
"Yeah. Just the general rundown is fine."
"Sure. Now, I'm sure you remember how three years ago, the beasts
appeared out of nowhere and turned the world on its head
overnight. Our existing weapons did little more than slow them
down, and over the next year, the human race's numbers
plummeted. People throw around numbers like us being at a tenth
or a hundredth of our original population, but nobody knows the
Page | 220
exact figures anymore. But during that same time, we were slowly
learning."
She finishes her gruel and puts down her bowl.
I'm still only halfway through mine.
"The beasts are nocturnal. During the day, they sleep in nests. Once
we realized that, we started getting things done during the daytime
and spending nights keeping watch. At first, we were afraid of
attacks twenty-four seven, but now we know we don't have to worry
about that. Little by little, we amassed more knowledge and power."
When she says "beasts," I guess she's talking about those weak
magical beasts.
It makes sense; most magical beasts are nocturnal. Not all of them,
though, so she should probably still be careful.
"From what I understand, the first ones to discover magic were a
group of researchers overseas. Most of the old communication
methods don't work anymore, so it was hard to verify anything, but
the word was that there were people in foreign countries called
knights who could fight back against the beasts. Once those rumors
spread here, Japan started researching magic as well. Back then, we
would've tried anything."
Sounds like things around here got real interesting real fast.
Those two magic lights I saw right before I died might've been a
portent of the beasts that were about to arrive. In fact, I'm sure they
were.
"After that, about a year ago, Japan got its first knight. Her golden
hair was an oddity for a Japanese person, and people looked to her
as a beacon of hope and called her the Original Knight. But it wasn't
long before they found those hopes betrayed. As an Awakened, her
tremendous power took a similarly tremendous toll on her
Page | 221
personality. Eventually, she slaughtered Arcadia's people and
disappeared."
For some reason, Akane's voice is trembling.
I shovel down the rest of my gruel. Breakfast of champions, baby.
"Arcadia was a base hailed as the last true utopia in Japan. Scholars
gathered there from all over, countless knights became Awakeneds
there, and tons of people journeyed there to seek shelter. The whole
reason it was able to exist was because of the huge throngs of beasts
the Original Knight killed, but at the same time, that was what made
losing Arcadia such a blow. It was like we lost our only paradise."
She clutches her shoulders, almost as though she's scared of
something.
"Are you okay?"
"I'm... I'm fine."
Well, if you say so.
I'm not sure I'm following all this stuff about the "Awakened," but I
guess it's probably similar to the possessed.
"Once we were robbed of our hope, humanity became more and
more selfish, and battles started breaking out between bases.
Knights were kidnapped, supplies were stolen, and lives were lost by
the legion. Now, Japan is in ruins."
Eh, I doubt any of the other countries fared much better.
"From what I understand, my brother is a survivor from Arcadia."
"...You aren't sure?"
"I don't remember much from back then. Apparently, my magic
wreaked havoc with my memories," she says gloomily. "Our family
was supposed to all be here at the university, but he went off to
Arcadia for his research. That's why he knows so much more than
Page | 222
everyone else about knights and the Awakened. Everything he's
doing is to help people... At least, I want to believe it is. But the thing
is, all his research is so complicated, no one understands any of it but
him..."
"Oh, man..."
I do my best to look awed.
"I'm sorry, Minoru. I know talking your ear off about this stuff isn't
going to fix anything."
"It's fine. Don't worry about it."
"I don't know why, but it feels like I've known you forever. I get this
sort of nostalgic calm when I'm with you, and I start thinking about
the past... It's weird, right?" She gives me a sad smile. "What about
you? Did any of that help jog your memory?"
"Huh? Oh, uh, yeah, I feel like stuff might be starting to come back..."
"If you don't remember, no worries, but could you tell me what
happened to the base you two were at before this? Was it attacked
by beasts? Or by people...?"
"Rrgh... My head...!"
"D-don't push yourself!"
Thanks to my "memories being messed up," I don't have to
"remember" the answers to questions I'd rather not answer. No
point in letting her kindness go to waste, right?
"It's okay, you can take it as slow as you need to."
She rubs my back as I clutch my head in feigned concentration.
The rest of our conversation is all harmless and uninspired, and
eventually she has to go do knight stuff, so I head back to the
infirmary.
Page | 223
"Where did you run off to?!"
When I get back, I find Dr. Yuuka waiting for me in a huff, with her
cheeks puffed out. I tell her what happened and apologize.
"That Akane... She should've told me. I was worried sick! There's a
stampede coming up soon, so everyone's rushing around in a tizzy.
It's dangerous out there."
While she talks, she checks my temperature and blood pressure and
stuff.
"Uh, what's a stampede?"
"You've forgotten so much... There's nothing wrong with your body,
so your memories should come back as soon as the magical
aftereffects wear off. The simplest way to explain a stampede is that
it's when a bunch of beasts go on a rampage."
"But why?"
"You know how packs of beasts come together to build nests, right?
That's where they breed to increase their population. Now, once
their population crosses a certain threshold, they start rampaging.
We think they do it to split up the pack once it gets too big."
"So, what happens during these rampages?"
"They start gathering food and making preparations to build a new
nest. And by food, I mean us. Once a beast starts stampeding, the
only way to make it give up is to kill it. That's what makes stampedes
so dangerous."
"...So in other words, there's a nest nearby that's so big it's going to
have a stampede?"
Page | 224
"That's exactly right," Dr. Yuuka says gravely. She spreads out a map.
It's covered in marks and dates. "This is the hospital we found you
two at. It was the newest nest in the area, so it's lucky we were able
to destroy it before it got out of hand."
With that, she draws a slash through the mark on the hospital and
writes yesterday's date and the word "destroyed" next to it.
"Wow," I say. "There's so many of them."
"That there are. There were originally twenty-nine nests in the area
around Nishino University, and we've only been able to destroy
fourteen of them."
"Meaning, there's still fifteen left..."
"As you can see, we've dealt with most of the ones right next to us.
Those are the ones we have the easiest time finding before they get
too big."
"What happens if they do?"
Dr. Yuuka shakes her head. "Messiah doesn't have the man power to
take out larger nests on our own. We have to team up with other
bases to destroy them, and even then, doing so comes with its own
problems. Because of how far the larger nests tend to be from our
base, sending knights out to destroy them leaves Messiah
underdefended. That makes us vulnerable to beast attacks and raids
from enemy bases..."
"Ah, that makes sense. And at the same time, sending out a smaller
force would defeat the point."
She nods. "After you head a certain distance away from the base,
you start seeing huge nests all over the place. Take a look at these
dates. Seven more of them have popped up in this past year alone."
"Sounds like you want to get them while they're small."
Page | 225
"Our knights do what they can to destroy smaller nests they come
across on their patrols, but there's only so many patrols we can even
send out with our current numbers. And it's not like the other bases
are doing any better." She heaves a heavy sigh. "But it's not the faroff nests we need to worry about, it's the nearby ones. When
stampedes start at the distant ones, there's a good chance the
rampaging beasts won't even come Messiah's way."
"You're saying they might go after other bases instead. Heck, they
might even just head off into the distance."
"That's right, and that's why this nest is such a problem."
Dr. Yuuka points at a spot on the map. It's a spot that has a lot of
memories for me.
"Sakurazaka High School...," I mutter.
"Right here, less than a mile from the university, is the biggest nest in
the area. There's a stampede there every three months, and
whenever that happens, the beasts always come straight after us."
"Ah, so just because things are good inside Messiah doesn't mean
that the area around it is actually safe."
"That nest is a nightmare for us. We've tried getting nearby bases to
help us destroy it, but we've never gotten anyone to agree."
"Well, sure. They know that if the high school nest stampedes, it's
just gonna attack Messiah. There's no reason for them to want to
help."
"We've tried offering all sorts of different deals, but nobody's ever
bitten. That's why Messiah needs new combat assets so badly. Every
stampede, we lose knights. Sometimes even dozens of them... And
this time, we might have an apex beast to worry about, too."
"A what?"
Page | 226
"It's a subspecies that's far more powerful than the average beast.
We've found evidence of one in the area recently. We suspect that
all the traces have been left by the same apex beast, and so Akane's
named it the Brute."
"The Brute, huh?"
So what're we talking about here, like, a kinda strong magical beast?
"If the Brute takes part in this upcoming stampede, we're going to
lose a lot more than just a few knights this time. People are terrified
that Messiah will eventually run out of knights altogether and get
wiped out. And because they're afraid, every time the stampede rolls
around..."
Suddenly, I hear angry voices and violent noises coming from outside
the room.
This isn't one or two people being rowdy. There's gotta be at least a
dozen people involved.
"...there are fights. Sometimes they're so bad, people die. Make sure
you don't leave the room until knights come around. If it weren't for
the stampedes, Messiah would be flourishing. We could even
become a second Arcadia. That's why things are usually so peaceful
here. We have our share of problems, sure, but people know when
to start listening to reason."
The fighting outside doesn't seem to be stopping. In fact, it's growing
in intensity.
Is this melee gonna devolve into a one hundred–man brawl?!
Right as the urge to barge in on it threatens to overtake me, I hear
Akane's voice off in the distance.
"It sounds like Akane got there, so things should settle down now,"
Dr. Yuuka says with a sigh of relief. "Now, it's time for me to go out
there and treat the wounded."
Page | 227
"Be careful."
She rolls up her sleeves and leaves the infirmary.
I roll up mine and spread out the map.
"Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a tiger by the toe..."
The sun begins setting, casting the sky a brilliant shade of vermilion.
Akane looks up at it and sighs. She's finally done with work.
She'd had the day shift, which is divided into two main
responsibilities—patrolling the outside of the base, and patrolling
the inside.
The former mainly involves making the rounds and catching new
beast nests before they grow out of control, but there are sometimes
other things the knights are asked to investigate as well. Apparently,
Akira told the outside team to look into some potential apex tracks.
Akane wasn't with that squad, though, so she doesn't know the
specifics.
Today, she was in charge of patrolling inside the base, a task that
usually involves breaking up fights like a police officer would.
Normally, it's dead easy.
However, the days before a stampede are hardly normal. A huge
fight broke out that morning, and there were smaller kerfuffles all
throughout the afternoon.
Plus, starting tomorrow, she's going to be on the dangerous night
shift.
She gives her arms a big stretch. "I'm so tired..."
"Good work today."
Page | 228
She hears a voice call out to her from behind. She turns and finds an
attractive woman in a lab coat.
"Dr. Yuuka..."
"Things were pretty rough today, huh?"
"For you, too, I bet. A lot of people got hurt back there."
"We're just lucky nobody died. If you hadn't gotten here as fast as
you did, I don't know if that still would've been true."
The two of them exchange weary smiles.
"Now, about our friend..."
"Who?"
"Minoru. I spent most of the day looking after him, and physically
speaking, he's fine. All that's left is to wait for his memories to come
back."
"Oh, that's so good to hear."
"Now, I can keep him in the infirmary tonight, but he's going to have
to go tomorrow. Today's fight left the infirmary at capacity, and
there just isn't room for him to stay."
"Ah, right. I'll go ask the Facilities team to set him up with a room."
Yuuka frowns awkwardly. "Actually, about that..."
"What's up?"
"Minoru's memories are still jumbled, and there are a lot of things he
doesn't seem to understand. The thing is, we still need to teach him
about Messiah's rules, and once he gets settled in, he'll need to start
working. I don't know how well he's going to be able to get by
without someone looking after him. That would normally be my job,
but what with the fight today and how busy the infirmary is..."
"Oh, you're right..."
Page | 229
Now that she thinks about it, it's obvious. Things are peaceful in
Messiah, sure, but a boy with amnesia is still going to run into a lot of
problems, especially with a stampede right around the corner.
His face flashes through her mind, and she gets an idea.
"I'll take care of Minoru."
"You will?"
"Sure. There's plenty of room at my place."
"Wait, you actually plan on cohabitating with him? You know
Minoru's a guy, right?"
"He's what, fifteen? He's a kid."
"You're only twenty."
"Sure, and that makes me an adult. Plus, I'm a knight. What's the
worst that could happen?"
"You're actually serious about this. Well, I'm sure you know what
you're doing...," Yuuka says defeatedly.
Even Akane herself isn't quite sure why she's so eager to look after
him. It would be far more logical to ask one of her male knight
colleagues to take Minoru in instead.
For some reason, though, she wants to have him by her side.
"He's all yours, then. I'll keep him in the infirmary for tonight, and
you can come pick him up in the morning."
"I guess I should probably go clean up my place, huh?"
The two of them part ways with a smile.
It's already pretty dark, so Akane quickens her step.
It doesn't do her any good.
"That was some interesting stuff back there."
Page | 230
A large man strides out from behind a nearby building.
Akane grimaces. "Vice Commander Saejima... Good work today, sir."
Yuudai Saejima narrows his steely eyes and grins. "Hey, whoa, don't
get all formal and stuffy with me. We go way back, you and I. Same
high school, same class..."
Yuudai's physique is tough and bulky, and though his face resembles
a gorilla's, she's told that people find him quite handsome. Akane
doesn't see the appeal herself, but by all accounts he's the hottest
guy in Gorillaville.
Back when he was in Sakurazaka High School, he was a regular
badass in judo club and even went to nationals. Akane was his
classmate at the time, but even back then, she never much cared for
him.
No, that's selling it short. She despises him and always has.
The thing she hates more than anything is the way it always feels like
he's trying to undress her with his eyes.
"You're still my superior, sir."
"C'mon, hon, don't be like that."
He thumps her shoulder in an overly familiar way.
It gives her the heebie-jeebies.
As awful as he is, he's still the vice commander of Messiah's knight
order, which means he outranks her. He's also a skilled knight, and
not counting Akane, he's one of the strongest people in Messiah.
"So, I heard you picked up some guy last night. All the knights are
talking about it."
"I'm off duty, so I'll be taking my leave now."
Page | 231
"Hey, not so fast. I'm here on business. You did good, grabbing that
silver-haired girl. A new Awakened is gonna make a good addition to
our roster. But you shoulda left the boy. You know as well as anyone
how up to our eyeballs we knights are. Don't go making more work
for us."
"I know we don't have enough knights to go around, but surely a
single boy isn't going to make or break us."
"Hey! Remember what you just said about me being your superior?
Don't talk back to me."
Yuudai squeezes Akane's shoulder tightly.
"...Yes, sir."
"That attitude of yours is a problem, hon. Sure, a single dude isn't
gonna make a big difference. But what if everyone else starts
following your lead and taking in stragglers? Pretty irresponsible of
you not to realize what a big deal one guy can be, 'Savior.'" It feels
like he's trying to peer right through her face. She hates his ugly mug
so much. "You ignored your orders last night and went and got a
bunch of our knights injured. You need to shape your ass up. Shit like
this is why you'll never make vice commander."
"Who says I even want a promotion?"
"I said, quit talking back to me." Yuudai pulls Akane toward him,
almost like he's hugging her.
"Let go of me..."
"Think of this as a disciplinary action. One of my problem knights
picked up some guy, and what's more, she's thinking of letting him
stay at her place. The hell happened to decorum, huh? I wanna meet
this guy. See what he's about."
"Just...drop it..."
Page | 232
"What, you're saying I can't? I can always dump him off in a beast
nest, if you'd rather. I mean, who knows what this guy is capable of?
As vice commander, it's my job to get rid of him ASAP! But you know,
Akane, you might be able to convince me to let him off the hook. You
get what I'm saying?"
Yuudai brings his face right up next to hers.
***
Then, he goes flying like he just got punched.
Akane's body is wreathed in a dense shell of magic. It's on an order
of magnitude stronger than anything Yuudai is capable of generating,
and she's not even using her full power.
Cold sweat streams down Yuudai's face.
His face flushes red as he bellows, like he's trying to hide how scared
he is. "Y-you little... Who the hell do you think you are?!"
"I know exactly who I am, thank you very much."
"Nah, you don't know shit! I know, though. I know everything!"
"Everything? What are you even—?"
"You're a murderer."
Akane's expression freezes.
"I know all your secrets, little miss murderer."
All the blood drains from her face, and her eyes go wide like she's
just witnessed something she can't believe.
"You're gonna wanna think loooong and hard about the position
you're in. I'm letting you off the hook right now, but this isn't the last
disciplinary action you'll be getting."
"Th-that's not true... I'm not..."
"Of course it's true. You're a killer."
Page | 233
Yuudai turns and walks off, leaving Akane standing shell-shocked and
alone.
The corridor is as white as white can be.
All of it, from the ceiling to the walls to the floor, is a cold, blank
white. Akane Nishino, with her black hair and red eyes, walks down
its length with an equally cold, blank expression.
Her gait is rhythmic and dispassionate. It's like she's left her
emotions behind somewhere.
She reaches a door and stops in front of it.
The door is white as well. She puts in her password to unlock it and
goes inside.
"Oh hey, she's awake," she remarks with a smile. Her cold, blank
expression is gone like it was never there.
"Oh, hello Akane. Yes, she woke up around noon," replies a
researcher in a lab coat. The researcher is one of Akira's employees.
The room has a white bed in it, and there's a pretty silver-haired girl
sitting atop it. The girl—Natsume, the Awakened—has a mole under
one of her blue, catlike eyes.
"Nice to meet you. My name is Akane Nishino."
When Akane introduces herself, Natsume gives her an adorable little
tilt of the head.
"As far as we can tell, she can't understand a word of what we're
saying," the researcher says.
"She can't even read and write?"
Page | 234
"It doesn't appear so, no. I was just in the middle of reading her this
picture book. She seems interested, so I'm sure that if we keep this
up, she'll be able to talk eventually."
The researcher opens the book back up.
It's a picture book, and a relatively obscure one.
The university library's catalog has plenty of better-known picture
books in it, but all of them were probably checked out already. The
base's birth rate has been increasing year by year.
They're having trouble supporting the population they already have,
but it's not like they can just force people to stop having children.
Without progeny, the human race will wither away and die.
"She's a cute kid..."
"She really is."
Due to her looks, anyone can tell at a single glance that Natsume's an
Awakened, and between that and her not understanding Japanese,
she's probably been through more than her share of hardships.
In spite of that, though, the way she's looking at Akane is downright
cherubic. She doesn't seem to be scared of people at all. She was
probably a kind soul before she became an Awakened.
"I wonder what she's staring at?"
Natsume's blue eyes are fixed on the room's desk. There's a slim
liquid crystal clock sitting atop it.
"Do you want to see the clock?"
Akane hands it over, and Natsume's eyes go wide and light up with
delight. It's just a normal old clock, yet the curiosity she shows in her
face as she fiddles with it seems to be genuine.
Her personality is like a child's. It's like she's an innocent little kid
who doesn't know anything about the world.
Page | 235
"Heh, looks like she's enjoying herself," Akane says.
She really does. She turns it over again and again, fiddles with its
components, and stares at it from close up. She's the spitting image
of a child who's just been given a new toy to play with.
"It's incredible how interested she is in everything. She spent ages
checking out her bed frame, and her eyes went wide at every little
bolt and screw," the researcher says.
"Looks like we've got a curious one on our hands," Akane replies.
"You're telling me. When I lent her my mechanical pencil, it took me
half an hour to get it back from her."
"That's adorable."
"Oh, it was."
Then, something starts beeping.
"Ah!"
Natsume is so surprised, she ends up dropping the clock.
Akane pats her head and says softly, "Oh, the clock's alarm went off.
Did that startle you? I'm sorry."
Natsume watches wistfully as the researcher picks up the clock and
puts it back on the desk.
"Oh hey, the time's wrong," Akane points out.
"I guess she must have changed it when she was fiddling around with
it."
The researcher goes to readjust the clock.
Upon reaching her hand into her pocket, however, she stops and tilts
her head in confusion. "Huh, where did I leave it...?"
"What's wrong?"
Page | 236
"I have this digital watch that I was going to set the time by, but it's
not in my pocket..."
"Did you leave it in your room or something?"
"I always have it on me, so I shouldn't have. That's weird..."
"Could you have dropped it somewhere?"
"You might be onto something. The wristband is pretty worn out, so
maybe that's it."
The researcher lets out a defeated sigh. Her eyes and Natsume's eyes
meet.
The girl's blue eyes are focused squarely on her and Akane. It's
almost like she's observing them.
The researcher is pretty sure she's just imagining things, though.
Not a moment later, Natsume gives her an innocent smile and tilts
her head. It's like she's saying Who, me?
"She really is adorable."
"Yeah, like a little princess."
The two of them forget all about the watch and pat Natsume's head.
Natsume takes their head pats with a smile.
However, her gaze is fixed right on the way their mouths are moving.
As she watches, she mimics them and moves her lips and throat in
the same way. She takes care not to make a sound or get spotted,
but she repeats the small movements over and over.
Then, the door swings open.
"Hey, have any of you seen my camera?"
It's Akira Nishino.
"What camera, the one you use to keep records?"
Page | 237
"Yeah, that one. I swear I had it this morning..."
Akira makes sure to always carry around a small digital camera so he
can document things.
"Well, it's not in here. Maybe you dropped it somewhere?"
"Dammit, where is that thing?" As he looks around the room in
irritation, his gaze lands on the blue eyes that are staring right at
him. "Was it you? Did you take it? The last place I saw it was here,
this morning, right before you got here."
"W-wait, Akira, hold up," Akane butts in. "Why would she do
something like that?"
Natsume gives Akira an adorable head tilt and smiles at him like a
child with an empty head and a heart of gold.
"...Fair enough."
Not even Akira can stay mad when he sees a face like that. He lets
out a long exhale to get his head back on straight.
He flips open the room's laptop, puts in his password, and gets to
work.
"Brother dear, do you think you're going to be able to cure
Natsume's mutation?"
"Who knows?" he replies bluntly. He continues working.
As he does, Natsume's eyes are darting around like bullets. She's
looking at the laptop screen and the way Akira's fingers are moving.
"Do you even care about helping her?"
"Right now, I have bigger fish to fry. The stampede is right around
the corner, and the inspection today found new Brute tracks. If
Messiah gets hit by both of those at once, that's it for us."
"What are we going to do?"
Page | 238
"My hope was that we could at least kill the Brute before the
stampede starts, but I'm not optimistic. All we can do is fortify our
troops and pray."
"Have you considered asking other bases for help?"
"Ha. If I tried, they'd try to shake us down for our generator. Not
happening."
"What would you have us do, then? You're not seriously thinking of
using that monster head from the incident last week, are you?"
"And why wouldn't I be? The power that thing has hidden away
inside it comes from a whole different dimension than the beasts. If
we can just harness it..."
"...You're actually serious."
"And that's not all. The girl is blessed with tremendous power as
well, and her blood work revealed all sorts of fascinating things."
"Fascinating how?"
"Heh-heh-heh..."
Akira lets out an inscrutable laugh and refuses to elaborate any
more.
After a little while, he finishes his work and heads out. Akane and the
researcher follow soon after.
"See you tomorrow!" they say as they go. Natsume sees them off
with a demure smile.
However, those blue eyes of hers are watching everything. She's
observing the door's structure, the lock's mechanisms, and the way
people's fingers move as they put in their passwords.
Once she's alone, the lights go out.
Page | 239
Her blue eyes move in the darkness, and her gaze darts straight
toward the laptop.
The sound of clicking and clacking fills the room for the rest of the
night.
I end up getting kicked out of Dr. Yuuka's infirmary.
Apparently, the big fight yesterday meant that there weren't enough
beds left. Them's the breaks.
Honestly, this works out pretty all right for me.
The fact of the matter is, there were too many people in the
infirmary for me to easily sneak out. I was all pumped up about
picking what nests I would get to destroy last night, but in the end, I
had such a hard time leaving that I had to call it quits after just
knocking over the nest at the elementary school.
My current theory is that checking out places with tons of magical
beasts will help me find leads on the black hole, but alas.
So, what to do now? Should I try to dig up more intel here, or should
I go smash up another nest or two? I guess I could also try looking for
Mr. Bat Guy's head.
There are so many good options to choose from, but there's one big
problem.
"This'll be fun, Minoru."
"Yeah, fun..."
I never thought Akane Nishino would be in charge of looking after
me, but apparently, we're going to be living together for a while.
Page | 240
She and I were classmates back in the day, and while she obviously
had no idea who I was, she does know about a couple of incidents
I'm not too proud of.
The problem wasn't her; she had all the makings of a fantastic
protagonist. Or maybe she was gonna be one of the protagonist's
love interests, I dunno.
Either way, though, the big tragedy was what an amateurish
eminence in shadow I was back then. Due to my general
inexperience, most of my victories came as last-second comebacks
after I got my back pushed against the wall. That's no way for an
eminence in shadow to be.
Those moments are like a black stain on my legacy. What I wouldn't
give to be able to do them over.
Now that I think about it, though, this situation is my chance to do
exactly that. The shadowbroker moves I've got at my disposal could
blow my high school self out of the water.
This might just be the opportunity of a lifetime.
Plus, her knight duties keep her away most of the time, so it'll be
dead easy to sneak out now.
I guess today's just my lucky day.
"You look so similar..."
"...Huh?"
As I spend my time envisioning all my perfect shadowbroker moves,
the girl walking beside me continues peering at my face.
"What, is there someone I look like?"
I literally changed my entire face, so the possibility seems slim.
Page | 241
"It really is uncanny. I don't know what it is, but that expression you
make when you're thinking is just like his. What is it you were
thinking about?"
"Nothing worth sharing..."
She chuckles. "See, he did that same thing. You don't want to tell
anyone, right? You want to keep your secrets all to yourself."
"I dunno what you're talking about, ma'am."
My denial goes in one ear and out the other. "It's fine, I get it. That
was just the type of person he was. He had something precious to
him that he never talked about. And now, he's gone."
Did this guy she's talking about move away or something?
"But even though he didn't talk much, I like to think I understood
him a little. I spent a long time watching him, after all."
What're you, a stalker?
"Oh, and Minoru, you don't have to be so formal."
"What do you mean?"
"You don't have to call me 'ma'am.' It's not like you're doing it
because you actually respect me, right?"
Damn, busted.
I will say, though, that isn't quite it. It's not that I don't respect her, I
just don't feel like throwing in a "sir" or a "ma'am" here and there is
a meaningful display of respect one way or the other. However,
society doesn't see it that way, and as a dutiful background
character, I always make sure to obey societal norms.
Personally, though, I show my respect to the people I respect in my
own way.
"I respect you just fine," I say, to set the record straight.
Page | 242
She laughs, seemingly amused. "I thought you might say that."
From there, the two of us share some more small talk as we walk
through the residential area.
It kind of reminds me of the past.
"We're here. This is me." She stops in front of a door. It leads to a
room in one of the university's classroom buildings. "The student
dorms were too small to hold everyone, so we expanded them and
built more rooms, but even that wasn't enough, so we ended up
remodeling the classrooms, as well. I'm a knight, so I ended up with
one of the slightly larger ones."
She opens the door and reveals the smallish classroom inside. All the
chairs and desks that people once learned at have been removed,
but the big whiteboard on the wall has been left as is.
The classroom is split with wooden partitions, and the section we're
in right now is the largest combined living room-dining room of the
lot. The bedroom off to the side is mine.
"This is where you'll be staying."
My new room is just over one hundred square feet. It's furnished
with a bed, a small desk, and nothing else.
"And this room right next to it is mine. Don't you go peeking on me,"
she says with a playful grin as she continues the tour. There's no
door separating our rooms, just another partition.
Over on the other side, her room is basically the same as mine. The
sole difference is that she's got a gray locker.
"Those are the only clothes you've got, right?"
"Yup."
I'm still wearing the hoodie from the Tanakas'. That said, I'm a short
supply run away from however many clothes I want.
Page | 243
Akane opens her locker and retrieves an outfit. "Here, try this on for
size."
Damn, that brings me back. It's a Sakurazaka High School male
student uniform.
"Aren't only knights supposed to wear those, though?" I ask.
"You shouldn't take it out of the room, but it should be fine to use as
loungewear. You'll need something to wear while you do laundry."
"Well hey, thanks."
I take the uniform.
"Now hurry up, try it on!"
"Wait, now?"
"Come on, time's a-wastin'! I've got a big load I want to do."
Oh, that makes sense. The weather's nice today, so they'll dry pretty
quickly.
She gives me a little push, and I head over to my room and slide my
arms through the uniform for the first time in ages.
"Huh."
Oddly enough, it fits as snugly as an old glove. It feels even better on
me than my slime bodysuit, which shouldn't be possible.
"Huh?"
Then, I spot a stain on one of the cuffs. It almost looks like a
bloodstain, and what's more, it's in the exact same spot where I got
my own uniform stained in a fight.
I'm sure it's just a coincidence, though. It's been so long, I can barely
even remember what that stain looked like.
"How's it going over there? Does it fit?" Akane calls.
Page | 244
"Yup."
"Well, let's see how you—"
She pops her head through the partition, then goes speechless midsentence.
It's like she just saw a ghost.
I turn around and check, just to be sure. No ghost.
"I-I'm sorry. I just... I'm sorry."
Dunno what she's apologizing for.
She wipes away a tear and lets out a strangely sad laugh. "Sorry
about that, I just got hit with a lot of memories..."
"Don't worry about it. Thinking about the past makes me break out
into laughter and stuff all the time."
Every time I reminisce on a time when I got to pull off some sweet
shadowbroker move, I always end up grinning like an idiot.
"I'm going to go do the laundry, but I'll be back soon."
She turns her face away from me, picks up my clothes, and leaves.
"Now I am alone."
I appreciate that she's washing my clothes, but I wouldn't have
minded a bit more of an explanation before she dipped.
I'm left with nothing to do for the time being, so I head over to our
living room area and take a seat on its tattered sofa. The university
must've kept it around for visitors or something.
On the table, I spot a cup, a pen, a notepad, and also...
"Wait...are those drugs?"
Page | 245
There are two different kinds there. The first is a white pill I
recognize as some sort of over-the-counter medicine, but the other
ones are large blue capsules that I've never seen before.
"C'mon, kids. Say no to stimulants."
If you're gonna dope, there are tons of drugs that are way better for
that. She seems pretty straitlaced, though, so I guess that's probably
not it.
What could they be, then?
I think about it for a little while, then ultimately conclude, "Eh,
whatever." I do a big stretch.
"Hnnngh..."
Then, out of the blue, I sense someone approaching. I quickly
straighten my posture.
A moment later, the doorknob rattles. Then, it keeps on rattling.
Rattle, rattle, rattle.
I wonder if whoever it is has ever heard of locks.
I spend a minute pondering whether or not I should do something
about it, but I end up just watching things play out after deciding that
I can't be bothered.
The rattling grows louder and louder until eventually the lock snaps.
"I'm comin' in."
It's a gorilla.
I guess Japan's really gone to the dogs. As I stare at it in shock,
though, I realize that it isn't a gorilla at all, just a person who
happens to be a dead ringer for one.
He looks kinda familiar, but I might be imagining things.
"So, you're the kid Akane adopted, huh?"
Page | 246
I make sure to tremble in my boots like a good background character
should. "Y-you can't just barge in like that!"
"Hey, no need to be so scared. I'm Yuudai Saejima, vice commander
of the knight order. I'm one of the good guys."
"Yuudai Saejima..."
Now that definitely sounds familiar. Then, just like that, it comes
back to me.
He's the gorilla who was in my class.
With looks like his, I knew he'd make for a great supporting
character, so I made sure to remember who he was.
I'm so glad he grew up into such a splendid adult gorilla!
"W-were you looking for Akane?'
"Nah, you're the one I'm after. See, there's something about you
that just doesn't sit right with me."
Yuudai plops himself down right across from me.
"What did I do?"
"We've got a rat in our base. A spy, if that wasn't clear enough.
Someone from an enemy base is messing with Messiah."
"I-I'm not a spy!"
"You say that, sure, but the knight order can't just go around
believing everything it hears."
"N-no, really, I'm not!"
"Shaddup, you!"
Yuudai's voice suddenly turns rough and threatening. He grabs me by
the collar—
"I could throw you into a beast nest right now, you know."
Page | 247
—and shouts at me with his gorilla face.
As a humble background character, all I can do in the face of such a
terrible threat is quiver. "Ahhh!"
Then, the cavalry arrives.
"The hell do you think you're doing?!"
Akane storms over, shaking with rage.
"What do you mean? I'm interrogating him, duh," Yuudai replies, not
letting go of my collar.
"You're what? On whose authority?"
"On my authority as vice commander, that's who. You know about
the rat just as well as I do. The way I see it, he's just about the only
suspicious person who's shown up lately."
"He hasn't even been here for two full days yet. We have
confirmation that the rat's been here longer than that."
"Maybe, maybe not. Either way, I still gotta interrogate him."
Yuudai and Akane stare daggers at each other, and eventually—
"...What are you hoping to get out of this?" Akane asks.
"You know exactly what I want."
—Yuudai lets go of me and turns around.
"Oh, right, and the commander's holding an emergency meeting
tonight. See you there, hon."
He gives her a light thump on the shoulder and leaves.
"I bet that was pretty scary. Don't you worry about him, all right?"
Akane smiles like nothing just happened and starts filling me in on
what life is like in Messiah.
Page | 248
Sounds like she's gonna be working tonight, so I'll be able to sneak
out to my heart's content.
Page | 249
Page | 250
Page | 251
Chapter 6: Something Smells Fishy... But
an Eminence in Shadow Always Cracks
the Case!
Akane is on the night shift today.
After the sun sets and she finishes eating dinner with Minoru, she
heads to the knight order station. It's dangerous out, so she makes
sure Minoru knows not to leave his room.
Night is the most dangerous time of day, and the night shift has their
work cut out for them. Just yesterday, a knight died defending the
wall from a beast attack. With the stampede right around the corner,
the beasts are already starting to get more violent.
"Excuse me."
She opens the door to the office and finds the knight representatives
gathered inside. She's technically a squad leader as well.
"Someone's late. Enjoy yourself this afternoon?" says Yuudai, who's
already sitting down.
"I'm sorry for my tardiness."
She wasn't actually late, but it is true that she's the last one to arrive.
"No, no, there's no need to apologize. You're right on time, young
Akane."
The speaker is the knight order commander—a man named Haitani.
He started out as a corporate big shot before quitting and starting a
business of his own. Perhaps that's why he's so good at managing
others.
He also awakened to his knight powers early on, and has gotten
Messiah out of more than a few pinches.
Page | 252
"I see everyone's here, so let's get things started."
Akane sits down, and the meeting begins.
They start by giving simple status updates, with each member
sharing what new information they have on the Brute, the stampede,
and the enemy agent inside Messiah.
They also need to deal with the situation involving Akane leaving the
base at night without permission, but they decide to table that
discussion until after the stampede.
Once everything's been covered, Commander Haitani gets down to
business. "Now, let's move on to today's main topic."
A lot of people had assumed that the Akane situation was going to
be the main order of business, and the sound of rustling in seats
briefly fills the room.
"These pictures are from the squad that was investigating the Brute
today."
Commander Haitani passes out a stack of printed photographs.
When people see them, they're struck speechless.
"What the...?"
The photo is of mangled beast corpses—hundreds of them.
There's also a destroyed building just barely visible in the edge of the
shot. It looks sort of familiar.
"Is that...Nishino Elementary?" someone stammers. They don't
sound at all confident of that. Nishino Elementary School is the
second closest large-scale beast nest to Messiah after Sakurazaka
High School, and the last time anyone checked, the building was still
standing.
"There's more."
Page | 253
The next photo Haitani passes around is clearly of the elementary
school building. It's been reduced to rubble.
"D-did the Brute do this?" Yuudai asks, his voice trembling ever so
slightly.
"We examined the corpses, and the cuts were unbelievably clean.
Most of them died from a single slash to the vitals. Not even an apex
beast has that kind of finesse."
"Was it a group from another base, then?"
Commander Haitani shakes his head. "Nobody in the area has the
man power to pull off something like this. And there's something
else that caught our eye, too."
"What's that?"
"All the cuts looked exactly the same."
"All of them?"
"All of them. In all likelihood, all of the beasts were killed by the
same person."
Yuudai's face goes red. "C-come on, Commander, that's crazy talk!
There's hundreds of the damn things! I could see ten or twenty,
maybe, but there's no way a single person could've killed that many
on their own!" he roars.
"What if there was, though? What if our world had a knight that was
capable of something like that?"
"Wh-what proof do you even—?"
"Take another look at the cross section on the schoolhouse."
"Wh...?! That's...a slash mark? You're saying someone cut the
building down?!"
Page | 254
Sure enough, the photo shows that the building's been sliced in
twain.
"Not only that, the cut was clean," Commander Haitani replies. "Like
a hot knife through butter. Japan used to have a knight capable of
things like this, you know. I believe you're all familiar with her."
"The Original Knight...," someone whispers.
"Is she really back...?"
"I thought she went missing..."
"Is she here to destroy Messiah...?"
The knights go pale, and Akane is the palest of them all.
"We don't know for certain that it's her yet. It could easily be some
other knight just as strong," Commander Haitani offers, to calm
down the group. "Don't let baseless fear get the better of you, but
don't let your guard down, either. All we know for sure is that there's
someone nearby who was strong enough to do this. I'm sure you can
imagine what would happen if they attacked Messiah."
Everyone nods. Then, all hell breaks loose.
"We're under attack! The beasts are here!"
The shrill noise of a siren splits the air.
The tops of the walls surrounding the base are a battlefield.
Legions of beasts are clinging to the sides and trying to climb over.
The knights are doing their best to knock them off with swords and
spears, but it's all too plain to see that there aren't enough of them
to go up against the beasts' sheer numbers.
Page | 255
"Go wake up every off-duty knight you can find! We're not letting
these things get inside!" the commander bellows.
Akane races to the top of the wall and cuts a beast in half.
"Akane!"
"A-Akane's here!"
Out of all the knights there, her efforts stand out the most.
She's faster than all the others. Stronger. She mows down beasts one
after another.
But it's not enough.
***
"Agh! G-get back! Stay away from me, you monsters!"
There are too many of them.
The beast pack reaches the top of the walls and surges at the
knights.
Akane grimaces. "There's so damn many of them..."
At this rate, more and more knights are just going to get butchered.
"Commander, could the stampede have started already?!" she
shouts over to Haitani, who's fighting by her side.
"No, the stampede is going to be far worse than this," he replies.
"This is probably just a prelude."
"This many beasts, and it's not even the majority of them...?"
"This stampede is going to be a harsh one."
If that's the case, they need to keep every knight they can alive here.
Akane stands at the vanguard to draw the beasts' attention, then
leaps off the wall.
Page | 256
"Akane?!"
"Young Akane, what do you think you're doing?!"
The moment she lands, she swings her sword in a wide arc. Every
beast around her drops dead.
"I'll lure them somewhere else!" she shouts back.
"Don't throw your life away! Get back here at once!"
Even if Akane wanted to obey Commander Haitani's order, though,
she couldn't. There's nowhere for her to run.
The beasts have already surrounded her, and they lash out with their
jagged claws and fangs.
Akane dodges the attacks by a hairbreadth, then slices down her
attackers.
She isn't afraid.
Dying would be a mercy for her.
Better that than becoming someone she doesn't recognize in a place
she doesn't know and doing the unthinkable.
Tragedies from the past flash back through her mind.
As she stands surrounded by beasts, she smiles, then takes off at a
dash across the corpses of the ones she's felled. Blood gushes up
from them and drenches her body red.
Then...
"Akane, behind you!"
"Young Akane, watch out!"
A bladed claw slices down on her from overhead.
She's faced with two choices.
Live, or die.
Page | 257
It's never an easy decision for her.
She smiles sadly and closes her eyes.
Then, out of nowhere, she senses a presence that feels almost
nostalgic.
She hears the sound of flesh tearing.
Warm liquid rains down on her.
"Huh...?"
It's beast blood.
When she opens her eyes, the first thing she sees is the impaled
beast.
The next is an ebony sword.
It's piercing the beast clean through.
"Wh-who are you...?"
A pair of red eyes gazes down on Akane.
The ebony sword's wielder is wearing a longcoat that looks like it's
made of pure darkness. Their face is concealed beneath a mask and a
hood.
"The Black Knight...," someone murmurs.
All eyes are on the Black Knight. It's like time itself is standing still.
He effortlessly casts aside the skewered beast, then turns his back on
them all.
When he speaks, his voice rumbles like it's coming up from the
depths of the abyss. "The wind...is weeping."
Nobody knows what, exactly, that means.
However, his quote resonates in their hearts all the same.
Page | 258
They can feel the weight of the countless lives and deaths that rest
within those words.
Suddenly, Akane feels a sharp breeze.
The ebony wind rushes over the Black Knight, obscuring him from
sight.
Then, it whirls toward the beast horde, and flowers of blood blossom
in its wake.
In the end, all that remain are beast corpses.
"What...just happened?"
"H-how is that possible?"
The people on the walls stand in shocked disbelief.
When the ebony wind blew past, it sliced each and every beast in
two.
That was no passing breeze—it was magic, refined until it was as
natural and flowing as actual wind. They can't even begin to imagine
how much training must have gone into perfecting that technique. It
must have taken an eternity.
The Black Knight is gone.
The next thing Akane realizes, she's trembling.
"Are you okay?" Commander Haitani comes down from the wall and
hurries over to her. "That was tremendous... He might well be the
person who destroyed the nest at Nishino Elementary."
"Commander... He was an Awakened."
The man's eyes were the same red as Akane's.
Haitani nods and glances over at the dead beasts. "All of them, dead
from a single clean slash. I certainly couldn't have pulled that off."
"He saved us. But...why leave without saying anything?"
Page | 259
"He must have had some sort of objective. For now, all we can do is
pray he's not our enemy." The commander looks up at the night sky.
"I wonder...what did he mean when he said the wind was weeping?"
"He must know something," Akane replies. "Something we don't.
Something important."
"Black Knight... Just who are you?"
The question fades into the night sky, unanswered.
It's still the dead of night, but the base is completely astir.
Even with the beast attack repelled, there are still tons of people
milling about. However, there's one knight who manages to slip
away from the hustle and bustle.
The man—who has a decided air of roughness about him—is none
other than Vice Commander Yuudai Saejima.
"Tch. This is some bullshit."
He spits the words out as he heads around the darkened school
building. Out back, removed from the main walkways, there's a
quiet, unlit alley.
"The Black Knight, huh? I don't like this guy. I don't like him one bit. I
dunno what base he's from, but he can't just stroll in here and do
whatever the hell he wants."
He stomps through the darkness, hurling invectives as he goes.
Judging by his stride, he has a clear destination in mind.
"Is he with the Alliance? Nah, they'd have told me he was coming.
But if that's not it, then what...?"
Clop. Clop.
Page | 260
He hears footsteps behind him.
"Oh hey, you're early. Your intel was—"
Right as he turns around, though, he hears another noise.
Ptchoo.
"Huh?"
Something pierces him in the chest.
He clamps his hands over the wound to try to stem the bleeding.
"B-but why...?"
Ptchoo. Ptchoo.
Each time the noise rings out, more blood sprays through the air.
Yuudai collapses to the ground, his eyes wide in shock.
He coughs up blood a few times, then goes still.
The only noise left in the alley is the sound of footsteps.
Clop. Clop.
Man, that was a blast.
I spend a moment basking in my exultation as I dash across the nightclad university campus.
I snuck out of my room earlier tonight because I wanted to check the
campus out, but midway through my inspection, I ran straight into an
unexpected magical beast attack event.
"I finally did it... I got to use my 'the wind is weeping' line."
That's one more quote I can cross off the old bucket list.
Page | 261
And better yet, I delivered it with all the aloofness and gravitas a
proper eminence in shadow should have.
Now, at long last, I can say I was able to play the part of the perfect
shadowbroker I was too weak to pull off back in my old life.
"Heh-heh-heh..."
Just thinking about how perfectly that went down makes me break
out into a grin, but I know my roommate will be back any minute
now.
I left the window open when I snuck out, so I sneak back in the same
way, quickly change my clothes, and crawl into bed.
Not a moment later, the doorknob rattles to announce Akane's
return.
"...I'm back," she says quietly.
If I'd taken any detours on my way back, I wouldn't have made it in
time. I continue pretending to sleep as I breathe a sigh of relief at
how close I cut it.
The room is quiet, save for the sound of clothes rustling. She's
probably getting changed.
I smell the faint odor of blood.
After a short while, she calls over to me. "Minoru, are you awake?"
My first instinct is to continue feigning sleep, but I wanna get her
impressions on how I did tonight. "Yeah, I'm up."
"Can I come in?"
Before giving me a chance to reply, she barges straight into my
section and sits down on my bed.
She seriously reeks of blood.
Page | 262
I guess it makes sense, given all that magical beast blood she got
sprayed with.
"Did something happen...?" I ask.
She just keeps sitting there, not saying a word.
Despite my attempt to start a conversation, she just hangs her head
silently.
"...Have you ever wanted to die?" she eventually asks, her voice
faltering.
"Nope."
If anything, I wanna live forever.
In all my life to date, not once have I ever wanted to die.
I occasionally run into people who say that longevity isn't for them,
but I doubt I'll ever understand where they're coming from. I wanna
keep being me for as long as possible, down to the second.
"I... I have."
"You have, huh?"
That's a shame.
"But when I try to remember...I just can't. It's like there's this gaping
hole in my memory."
I can't say I totally follow.
She lapses back into silence.
Then, I notice that her shoulders are trembling.
"Minoru, have you...ever killed someone?"
Yeah, loads of 'em.
"You mean, like, murder?" I reply. "That's so scary, I don't even want
to think about it."
Page | 263
"I don't blame you..."
"What about you, Nishino?"
"What would you do...if I told you I might have?"
"Uh..."
"I'm joking."
She smiles.
Then, she turns her gaze outside the window and lets out a quiet
murmur. "I've been waiting...for so long..."
"Waiting for what?"
She doesn't reply. At this point, I don't think I'm the one she's really
talking to anymore.
She stares up at the night sky, like she's trying to converse with
someone who's gone far away.
"Please... Come save me..."
She mumbles someone's name.
Then, she sits frozen there like a statue until morning.
In fact, she does it all the way up until the sun rises and a commotion
becomes audible off in the distance. I have to spend the entire time
pretending to sleep.
Actually, that reminds me of something.
During my old life, I meddled in this one situation, and Akira Nishino
punched me right in the face. I thought I recognized his obnoxious
mug from somewhere.
In fact, he was the whole reason I swore to break every window on
the campus.
I'll never forgive him.
Page | 264
Although he did take Beta off my hands, so I guess I can forgive him.
Then, my thoughts get interrupted.
"Akane, come quick!"
It's barely even morning yet, but someone from the knight order is
banging on our door.
"I-it's the vice commander! Vice Commander Saejima's been
murdered!"
Oh no. Our precious gorilla.
Dr. Yuuka sits down in front of Akane. "This is some pretty serious
business."
"I...I didn't do it."
Sounds like I missed some stuff.
Akane left me on house-sitting duty and headed for the scene of the
crime as soon as she heard the news, and when she came back, Dr.
Yuuka was with her.
"I want to believe you, but there are eyewitnesses who say they saw
you and the vice commander arguing last night."
Akane's voice quivers. "That was nothing. It was just... It was about
Minoru."
"Well, the estimated time of death is three AM. Do you have an alibi?"
"...No."
By the time I got back, it was already past three as well.
"There's also verbal testimony placing you near the scene of the
crime."
Page | 265
"Is... Is that so...?"
Akane hangs her head. Her shoulders tremble.
I did smell blood on her last night, and I guess she could've killed him
on the spur of the moment or something.
Stuff like that happens all the time, but she doesn't really seem the
type.
"Commander Haitani is going to be leading a full investigation. Until
he gets his verdict, you have orders not to leave this room."
Akane clenches her fists and shakes her head. "I didn't do it... I
swear, I didn't..."
She's an old acquaintance, so I decide to throw in a good word for
her. "Hold on a minute. I don't think Akane did it, either."
"Minoru..."
"I mean, look at that picture."
I point at one of the crime scene photos laid out on the table. It's an
image of Yuudai's slashed-up corpse.
"What about it?" Dr. Yuuka asks.
"It's weird, don't you think? The cuts are too sloppy."
The corpse is in pieces, and none of the cross sections of the cuts are
clean.
Dr. Yuuka's gaze grows steely. "What do you mean, sloppy?"
"If Akane did this, I'm pretty sure the cuts would've been cleaner."
When a strong enough dark knight slashes a person, the cuts are
always nice and clean. However, the cuts on Yuudai's body couldn't
possibly be any rougher.
In his case, it looks like someone took a dull sword and just went to
town on him.
Page | 266
"Now that you mention it, you're right..."
Of course, there is a chance that she cut him up like that on purpose
to make it hurt more, but I think I'm gonna keep that possibility to
myself.
"Minoru... Th-thank you. Thank you so much," Akane blubbers.
Yeah, no problem.
"Please, you have to believe me... I didn't—I didn't do it...!"
Her shoulders tremble even harder.
"Hey, Akane, calm down."
"I didn't do it! I—I would never, never again, I, I—"
"Akane..."
Something is clearly wrong with her. Dr. Yuuka hugs her tight. "It's
okay, just calm down. Calm down, take your pills..."
As she tries to pacify her, she slips her a little white pill.
Akane trembles a little more, but her breathing eventually becomes
calm and steady. She's out like a light.
Dr. Yuuka casts her gaze down. "...That must have startled you."
"A little, yeah... What was that pill?"
"It's to calm her down. My specialty is in psychosomatic medicine.
Akane has some psychological trauma she's dealing with, and I'm
helping her treat it."
"What kind of trauma?"
"She was involved in some sort of incident, and she's bottled up all
her memories of what happened. Whenever something causes that
bottle to start becoming uncorked, she ends up freaking out like she
did just now."
Page | 267
"Oh, huh...," I reply, doing my best to look contemplative.
"I've only been at this base for half a year, but her condition's
improved dramatically since then. Akane saved me once, so I'm just
glad to have the opportunity to repay her."
"Wow, I never knew."
Dr. Yuuka drapes a blanket over Akane's shoulders. "Now, about
what you brought up earlier... I'll go tell the commander what you
said about the cuts. This could be the work of an assassin from an
enemy base. And with how the Black Knight showed up last night, he
could easily have been involved as well..."
The Black Knight is innocent. That much I can say for sure.
Dr. Yuuka goes on. "Anyway, just leave the rest to me. The best thing
you can do is to stay by Akane's side."
"No, no, I want to investigate, too."
"I'm not sure how the knight order will feel about that."
"I won't get in their way, I promise. Akane helped me out, too, so I
want to do what I can to help repay her as well."
"Minoru..."
Dr. Yuuka stares at my face for a bit, then lets out a defeated sigh.
"Okay, fine. If you find anything, come straight to me with it. Don't
try to be a hero. Don't forget that Natsume needs you, too."
And with that, I'm finally allowed to roam about as I please.
"What to do, what to do."
Page | 268
I start off by grabbing my lunch rations, then meander around the
campus.
Akane claims she's not the culprit, but unfortunately, the
circumstantial evidence is weighted pretty heavily against her.
"A mysterious crime, false charges against the protagonist... Feels
like the main plotline is underway."
If that's the case, I've got a moral obligation to get involved.
"Now, the crime happened over there, huh...?"
I watch from a distance as the knight order gathers in an alleyway
right off the main school building.
They've got some great "investigation in progress" vibes going on.
If I tried to butt my way in there as an outsider, they'd toss me out
for sure. Better not to even try.
"Bummer that I don't have any other leads to work off... Wait, huh?"
When I look around, I spot a fat guy in glasses sitting on a bench and
tapping away at a laptop.
"Oh hey, they've got computers here."
I totally forgot they had electricity.
I assume it isn't connected to the internet, but...huuuh?
When I sneak up behind him and peek over his shoulder, I discover
that he's posting on some sort of forum.
"Hey, you get internet on that thing?"
"Gah?!"
When I ask him a question, Fatty McSpecs hurriedly whirls around.
"Wh-what's your problem, man?!" he yelps.
"Oh, just curious. Does that thing get internet?"
Page | 269
"Huh? What, this? It's hooked up to the university intranet. How do
you not know that?"
"Ohhh, so it only connects to other people on campus. Still, I bet
that's good enough for gathering intel."
"Look, just go find someone else to bug. I'm busy."
With that, Fatty McSpecs goes back to posting on his forum.
[THREAD] The real reason Akane killed Saejima
[BODY] so who's got them Akane lewds?
Oh yeah. Real busy.
"Lemme borrow your laptop for a bit."
"Get lost, dude, I'm not lending you shit."
"Thanks, I'll give it right back."
"Huh...?!"
I knock Fatty McSpecs out with a blisteringly fast knife hand strike
and snatch away his laptop.
I make sure to lay him on his side so it looks like he's napping.
"Now, what have we here...?"
A quick search tells me that the forum is full of threads about last
night's murder.
It isn't just Akane's thing, either. People are pretty abuzz about the
Black Knight, too.
221: Anonymous Victim
Akane didn't do it, but the Black Knight is sus. This is totally an
Alliance plot.
222: Anonymous Victim
Page | 270
according to my knight friend, the Black Knight is strong af
223: Anonymous Victim
that guy's no joke. he killed 10 beasts in a single second
224: Anonymous Victim
bro what're you smoking
225: Anonymous Victim
nah man I'm serious
226: Anonymous Victim
if that was true he could just take out a big nest on his own lmao
227: Anonymous Victim
no for real, it's true. source: im a knight, I was there
228: Anonymous Victim
looooool we got one. "look at me, I'm totally a real knight"
229: Anonymous Victim
we've got us a keyboard knight, folks. this shit's anonymous,
maybe we're all knights lmao
230: Anonymous Victim
haven't seen a keyboard knight in a while, this should be good
231: Anonymous Victim
there's literally zero proof that he killed 10 beasts in 1 second. ur
bait sucks
232: Anonymous Victim
yeah this black knight dude is probably just some rando and ppl
are exaggerating shit bc they're bored
233: Anonymous Victim
Page | 271
my buddy is a knight and he says the black knight is a shitter
234: Anonymous Victim
no duh
235: xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx
Don't lying. The Black Knight is strongerest. He is coolest in world
can kill 1000 beasts easy.
"Huh?"
As I'm scrolling through the thread, I suddenly spot a weirdo.
"SilverHairedElfBabe? That's the dumbest handle I've ever seen."
Beta's face flashes through my mind for a moment, but thinking
about it logically, there's no way it's her.
If it was, it would mean she's mastered Japanese in just three days.
"I mean, I'm glad this chick's cheering for the Black Knight, but with a
handle like that, she's gonna do more harm than good."
I'd better give her a friendly heads-up.
Using a tacky handle is a shame that never washes off. Trust me, I
would know.
"I'd better make my handle something extra cool so she has a good
point of reference to use. 'Obsidian Wings'... No, wait, 'Fallen Angel
of Rebellion'... But that feels kinda plain, so let's add a little flair,
too."
237: FallenAngelofRebellion
xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx is a pretty cringe name, you might
wanna change it
238: Anonymous Victim
another weirdo showed up lmao
Page | 272
239: Anonymous Victim
"Fallen Angel" LMAOOO "of Rebellion" LMAOOO " " LMAO " "
***
240: xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx
I not cringe. FallenAngelofRebellion is cringe.
241: Anonymous Victim
SilverHairedElfBabe vs FallenAngelofRebellion! Round 1, fight!
242: Anonymous Victim
bruh you're both cringe
243: FallenAngelofRebellion
I am a knight of darkness, a fallen angel who lurks in the shadows
and seeks rebellion. How can I be cringe when I have ultimate
power on my side?
244: Anonymous Victim
knight of darkness lmaooooo fallen angel lmaooo who lurks in the
shadows lmaooo seeks rebellion has blessed us with his presence
***
245: xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx
FallenAngelofRebellion is cringe shitter. Black Knight is
strongerest. Will instant kill you all.
246: Anonymous Victim
*strongest <- FIFY
247: Anonymous Victim
ngl it's pretty cute how bad ElfBabe is at Japanese
248: Anonymous Victim
Page | 273
ElfBabe is such a rabid black knight fangirl lol
249: Anonymous Victim
the black knight's with me rn, he's licking my asshole
250: xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx
Don't lying. Mocking me fine. Don't dare Black Knight mocking.
251: Anonymous Victim
Translation: Making fun of me is fine, but don't you dare mock the
Black Knight!
252: Anonymous Victim
but it's true tho. the black knight actually is a shitter, he really did
eat my shit
253: Anonymous Victim
black knight = omegashitter
254: xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx
I kill you.
255: Anonymous Victim
yikes, here come the death threats. You guys trolled her too hard,
lol
256: FallenAngelofRebellion
rip
257: xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx
Black Knight strongerest. Coolest. I love him. I kill any who mocks
him.
258: Anonymous Victim
Ahh! I'm gonna die! The black knight is a shitter!
Page | 274
259: Anonymous Victim
I just beat the shit out of the black knight. He begged for mercy
naked on his hands and knees tho so I let him live
260: xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx
Shut up. I kill you. Marking my words FallenAngelofRebellion. I
show you hell.
261: FallenAngelofRebellion
um? I didn't make fun of him tho
262: Anonymous Victim
Okay, that's way too many death threats. Reported.
263: Anonymous Victim
stampede's coming up and people are getting murdered and this is
how you guys are spending your time?
264: FallenAngelofRebellion
wait, I'm the victim here
265: Anonymous Victim
yeah but your handle is cringe sooooo
And with that, xXxSilverHairedElfBabexXx gets banned.
A tiny bit of trolling, and she goes straight to death threats? You
don't see much of that these days.
"Seriously, though, I should probably start gathering information at
some point. I wonder if anyone here saw anything..."
After that, I finagle myself into the good graces of the fine forum
users and get my hands on some valuable intel.
Page | 275
The next day rolls around.
"So, this is the you-know-where..."
I'm at a small research lab in a tucked-away corner of the university.
The sun's already set, and though I can see lights off in the distance,
the area I'm in is surrounded by a dense, dark thicket.
According to that intranet forum, this is where they brought the
gorilla's corpse.
If I'm lucky, there'll be magical after-traces on the body, but
preserving those is actually pretty difficult. Unless you use special
chemicals, they fade away pretty quickly.
Given what world I'm in, I probably shouldn't expect much out of
their preservation techniques.
I mean, they're still using conventional materials for their swords
here. I bet these guys have never even heard of mithril.
The metal they're using does have pretty decent magic conductivity,
I'll give them that, but it doesn't hold a candle to mithril. It's no
wonder they're having so much trouble against such weak magical
beasts.
"Eh, I'm sure I'll find some sort of clue here."
There's a ton of questions surrounding the gorilla's death, and I
intend to solve them.
Step one: Sneak inside, fast and quiet.
There's a knight standing guard outside the lab's entrance, but by
concealing my presence and dashing past him at full speed, I'm able
to sneak past him like it's nothing.
Page | 276
Once I'm inside, I spot a staircase leading underground. I follow it
down to a locked metal door.
"Locked, huh...?"
I don't have time to screw around, so I use my slime sword to smash
the lock.
It's unfortunate that this means they'll find out that someone broke
in, but as long as they don't figure out who, I'm still golden.
"Oh, wait, I wonder if I could've transformed the slime sword into
the shape of the key."
You know, like how Beta made those gloves. Oh well, hindsight is
20/20.
I shrug and head inside.
"Looks like I found the morgue..."
It's cold and dark.
There are a bunch of dead bodies lying around with sheets covering
them, and the air is ripe with the smell of decaying flesh.
I endure the stench and use magic to strengthen my sense of smell.
The gorilla's smell is lodged in my memory.
As it turns out, his body is the one right next to me.
I rip off the sheet and reveal the mangled corpse beneath.
"Hmm..."
Sure enough, most of the magical after-traces are gone, and what
little magic still lingers on the body is all mixed up and blended
together. It's not gonna be helpful.
I turn my attention to the cuts, which are just as grisly as they were
in the photos.
Page | 277
These aren't sword wounds. Looks like someone probably took an ax
to him.
No, not even an ax would be that messy. This is the work of a saw or
something.
They must've sliced him apart after he was already dead.
"The question is, to what end?"
Normally, you slice someone up so you can hide the evidence. After
you do your slicing, you can bury, burn, or dissolve the parts more
easily.
In our gorilla friend's case, though, he was simply found like this.
Did they just hate him that bad? No, no.
"Oh, I see. It was to hide this."
When I try sticking his arm back on, I find there's a piece missing, and
we're not talking about excess flesh that got lost in the slicing
process. It was removed deliberately.
"Here, too..."
There are a couple other spots that are missing little chunks of flesh
as well.
With that, I have the conclusive proof I need.
"Aha. These...are bullet wounds."
After how much I researched guns in my last life to try figuring out a
way to beat them, I'd recognize their handiwork anywhere.
People might assume that guns don't work against knights, but that's
not quite true.
When they aren't clad in their magic, knights are no sturdier than
anyone else.
Page | 278
"In other words, the killer was someone the gorilla didn't expect to
get attacked by, maybe someone he knew. And it wasn't a knight, or
they wouldn't have needed a gun. Someone who isn't a knight
wanted to make it look like a knight did the deed... Heh-heh-heh.
Step aside, protagonist. There's a new detective in town."
With this, the odds that Akane is the killer will plummet.
"...Looks like I got what I came for."
I head back to my room, but my plans to report my findings are
dashed when the person I was going to report to isn't there.
"Where's Akane?"
The bed she should've been sleeping in is empty, and Dr. Yuuka is
sitting over on the couch.
"She had to go in for a checkup. She won't be back until tomorrow."
"Oh, okay."
Given how emotionally unstable she was, I guess that checks out.
"Also, Minoru, do you have any idea what time it is? The stampede's
right around the corner, so you should really start coming back
sooner. It's not safe out there."
"Sorry about that. I did find an important clue, though."
"What do you mean...?"
I tell her the shocking news I learned today that all but disproves the
theory that Akane is the killer.
"Bullet wounds?! If that's true, it will clear Akane of all suspicion.
How did you find that out, though?"
Page | 279
"I, uh...I guess you could say I know a good information broker?"
"A what now?" Dr. Yuuka eyes me suspiciously, then sighs. "Well, if
you say so. I'll go tell the knight order about the bullet holes. With
any luck, we should be able to get them to take another look at the
body."
"Thanks, I really appreciate it."
"Make sure you don't tell anyone else what you just told me.
Otherwise, the killer might come after you."
"W-will do." I give her a picture-perfect "scared background
character" nod.
"I'll see you tomorrow," Dr. Yuuka replies before hurrying out of the
room.
That should be enough to help solve the Gorilla Murder Case and
free Akane. Good stuff all around.
Wait—hold up.
Did I just miss the perfect opportunity to reveal the truth as the Black
Knight?
"Damn, I coulda said something cool like... 'There is but one real
truth.'"
In any case, I crawl into bed and wait for night to come and everyone
else to fall asleep.
Night comes.
"Hmm?"
Right as the perfect time to go for a nighttime stroll rolls around, I
sense someone loitering outside my room.
Page | 280
A burglar, perhaps?
Damn, I guess things in Japan really have gotten bad.
I muse on the situation and decide to wait and see how this plays
out. Not a moment later, bullets tear through the window.
Shards of shattered glass come crashing down with an earsplitting
noise.
"Wait, for real?"
Who'da thunk a forgettable background character like me would
ever end up getting shot at?
I feel the bullets slam into my skin.
So, this is what nobodies feel like when they get gunned down...
Suddenly, I realize that this might be the last chance I ever get to use
a certain Hidden Technique of mine!
When the bullets crash into me, I manipulate my body and pour
everything into that one moment.
Get ready to see how a nobody dies, folks.
Behold the power of Hidden Normie Technique: Swiss-Cheese Dance,
Bloody Marionette!
My body dances in tune with the bullets striking it. I look like I'm a
puppet or something.
To complete the image, I secretly tear open blood pouches and make
a beautiful shower of blood rain down around me.
I become the platonic ideal of a background character dying. It's like
that one scene in The Matrix, but if all the bullets hit.
***
Page | 281
I end my performance by letting out a bloodcurdling scream,
spraying blood from my mouth like a fountain, and tumbling
unceremoniously off my bed.
Perfection.
I had all but given up on being able to use the Hidden Technique I
designed for when I got shot, but now its time has finally arrived!
As I internally pump my fist, I stop my heartbeat.
A million thanks to these burglars for giving me this golden
opportunity.
"...Did we get him?"
Once I've played dead for a little while, a pair of men enter the room.
"Oh yeah, for sure. He's as good as Swiss cheese."
The glass shards crunch under their feet.
"Tough break, kid. If you hadn't figured out stuff you weren't
supposed to, you wouldn't have had to die."
Huh?
I wonder what he means by that.
"Knights'll be here any minute. We need to hurry up and tear the
room apart."
"Yeah, and mess up the body so they can't tell how... Huh?"
Ah, shit.
"Hey, check it out. There's no wounds on the corpse."
The guy checking my body noticed the thing I was hoping he
wouldn't notice.
"What're you talking about? There's blood everywhere, dude."
"Sure, but I'm tellin' you, there's no wounds."
Page | 282
"What?"
The second guy comes over and inspects my body, too. At that point,
I don't have a choice. I snap my eyes open. "Man, why'd you have to
go and spoil my perfectly orchestrated scene?"
"What the—?!"
"How's he still alive?!"
I grab them both by their throats.
"L-let go of me!"
"Sh-shoot him! Shoot him dead!"
They press their guns against my forehead and fire from point-blank.
One ptchoo rings out, then another.
They keep coming until their magazines are empty.
Once the men run out of bullets, the ptchoos are replaced by a
hollow click, click, click.
"H-how?! How is this guy not hurt?!"
"No way—h-he's a knight?! That wasn't what we were told!"
"Knight or not, shooting him from that close should've at least done
some—"
I stand up, still squeezing their necks.
"Aghhh!"
"Looks like you aren't just any old burglars, huh?"
"Wh-who the hell are you?! Lemme go already!"
One of them punches my face. Wham. Wham.
"Someone put you up to this. So it's, like, an 'evil mastermind'–type
scenario."
Page | 283
"What are you even—? Ow, ow, ow!"
"Y-you little—OWWWW!"
I lift them by their throats.
"Well, works for me. Now, you can either die slowly and in pain, or
you can tell me everything and die easy. Make your choice."
I put some strength into my grip, and their bones begin creaking
loudly.
"Ahhh! L-let me go! I don't know shit!"
"I—I didn't know you were a knight! I'm sorry! Please, let me go... I
don't want to die..."
"It's like you guys said. If you hadn't figured out stuff you weren't
supposed to, you wouldn't have had to die. That's just how it goes
sometimes."
I can hear knights shouting outside.
They're still pretty far away, but they're getting closer.
"...Sounds like you're running out of time, gentlemen."
"P-please..."
"I-I'm beggin' you..."
"Hmm, what to do—?"
Then, the voices outside start heading in a different direction than I
expected them to.
"It's the stampede! The stampede is starting!"
A shrill alarm bell starts ringing.
I can sense the clamor spreading as people start waking up.
"Sorry, I just got a better offer. Toodles."
Page | 284
I snap their necks and melt into the night's darkness.
Page | 285
Page | 286
Page | 287
Epilogue: Behold, a Full-Fledged
Eminence in Shadow!
Akira Nishino runs down the pure-white corridor.
As the alarm bell heralding the stampede rings, he advances deeper
and deeper into the research building. It's almost as though he's
deliberately heading away from the battlefield.
Both his arms are taken up with carrying a white box.
"Pant, pant... Shit!"
He stops in front of a white door and curses as he tries to steady his
ragged breathing.
"That damn Alliance rat... Now they've gone and done it. I never
expected them to make off with Akane...," he mutters, to vent his
frustration as he unseals the door's lock.
Inside, there's a pure-white sickroom.
A silver-haired girl is sitting on its bed.
"You're awake? I could have sworn I gave you a sedative..."
The silver-haired girl—Natsume—gives him an adorable tilt of the
head.
"The dosage must've been too low. Well, whatever. It's not like you
can understand me anyway."
Natsume gives him another head tilt, then looks down and stares
quizzically at the white box Akira Nishino is carrying.
"...Curious about the box? This box is going to transform you. You're
going to become a stronger knight than even the Original Knight ever
was."
When he opens the box, Natsume's eyes widen in surprise.
Page | 288
Inside, there's a cryogenically preserved head.
Sinister black magic weaves coils around its darkened skin and fieryred hair.
"Surprised? We recovered this from a site we discovered with
abnormal magic readings. Eating from this was what let the Brute
become the most powerful apex beast we've ever seen."
A malignant smile spreads across Akira Nishino's face as he
approaches Natsume.
"The magic hidden within this head in unbelievable. It has a quality
to it that none of our magic does... The same way that you do."
He grabs Natsume's arm and pulls out a large syringe.
"The Brute ate from this head and evolved, and now it's your turn to
fuse with it and become the greatest knight in the world. Now, let's
get this show on the road. With this, you'll be—"
A ptchoo rips through the air, and a bloodstain spreads across Akira
Nishino's white lab coat.
"Wha—?"
There's another ptchoo, then another.
Akira Nishino's body jerks back and forth as blood sprays around him
and the smell of gunpowder smoke fills the air.
"Th-this can't... It doesn't..."
He drops to his knees.
There's someone behind him holding a gun.
Their high heels audibly click, and they turn their aim to Natsume.
"N-no, don't—"
Ptchoo. The gun recoils.
Page | 289
A dark hole appears on Natsume's forehead. She collapses onto the
bed.
Her death was instant.
Akira Nishino's voice rises feebly from the ground. "Why? Why
would you do this...?"
The figure turns their gun back to him.
Their eyes meet.
For a brief, fleeting moment, everything is silent.
"Death will come for you soon," the assailant says. "I hope it hurts."
They take the head and the syringe and leave.
"Heh... Heh-heh... Well, damn..."
A pool of blood spreads out across the white floor.
Akira Nishino can feel the heat in his body drain out alongside the
blood.
"So, this is how it ends."
As a researcher, he knows that his attacker was right. He's a dead
man.
"And I was so close, too..."
He finally got the material he needed for his research.
He was on the verge of making a warrior more powerful than even
the Original Knight. And this time, he was going to be able to control
it.
He reaches toward the empty air above him. His hand is wet with his
own blood.
As his vision starts to fade, he looks over at the bed.
"Huh...?"
Page | 290
That's when he sees the silver-haired girl abruptly sit up.
For a moment, he assumes it's a hallucination brought about by his
blood loss.
After all, he saw her get shot square in the forehead with his own
two eyes.
However, the girl then stretches, stands up, and, in the blink of an
eye, changes into an all-black outfit.
"What?"
Once again, he doesn't believe his eyes.
She changed into that black bodysuit in a single instant.
She goes on to pull a large black sack seemingly out of nowhere and
starts packing stuff into it.
"M-my camera..."
One thing Akira Nishino spots is the camera that he thought he lost.
The girl stuffs his laptop inside the sack, then rummages around the
room and takes every electrical appliance she can get her hands on.
The sack bulges as it gets fuller and fuller.
It's made of some material he's never seen. It's black, lustrous, and
elastic.
"This one, and this one... Good, now room is all finished done. Next
all is left is retrieve head," Natsume says. Her Japanese is oddly
dubious.
"Y-you can talk?"
"Am many fluent," she says as un-fluently as can be. "Now, where
data is? Am deleting."
Page | 291
"It's in a lab farther inside the building. Do what you like. I knew
there were traces that the browser history had been edited, but I
never imagined that you were the second rat..."
Natsume flashes him a radiant smile and walks past him.
"Just tell me...one last thing...," he chokes out. "Who are you
people...?"
"We are the Shadow Garden," she replies in a low whisper. "We lurk
in the darkness and hunt down shadows."
She leaves without making a sound.
"The Shadow...Garden...huh...?"
He's never heard of them.
Do they operate overseas, maybe? Or are they perhaps the kind of
organization that never shows its face in the light?
Either way, it means that there are groups in this world the likes of
which Akira Nishino never dreamed of.
"I thought I was so close...but I guess...I was further than I thought..."
He looks over to the door the girl disappeared through—and then
suddenly, she pops her head back in.
"Am you know FallenAngelofRebellion?" she asks him out of the
blue.
"The Fallen Angel of Rebellion? Never heard of it..."
"Good. When I finding them, I kill. Marking my words."
And with that, she leaves. For good this time.
The Fallen Angel of Rebellion must be the organization the Shadow
Garden is fighting against.
As Akira Nishino wonders who they could possibly be, he breathes
his last.
Page | 292
The knights gather on the base's wall and begin fighting back against
the beasts.
The beasts, in turn, drive their sharp claws into the wall and climb it
practically like they're running. The knights' efforts to stop them are
marred by exhaustion, and despair begins creeping into their
expressions.
"Commander Haitani, there's too many of them! We can't hold them
all off!"
Knight Commander Haitani has no reply for his soldiers' screams.
"What's going on? Where did all these beasts even come from?"
Haitani brandishes his sword. The beasts falter, and he moves in for
the kill.
However, the wall below is covered with more just like it. The beasts'
writhing ranks stretch all the way to the horizon.
There aren't supposed to be this many.
No normal stampede has anywhere near this many beasts.
Now, though, they're surging toward the base like they're being
drawn to something.
Their numbers, their ferocity... Everything about the situation is
abnormal.
"If only she were here... No, not even she would be enough to turn
the tide..."
Haitani realizes he should stop talking.
Even though he's in the middle of a battle, there's still a chance
someone might overhear him.
Page | 293
And besides, even if their strongest combatant, Akane Nishino, were
there, it wouldn't be enough to stop the army of beasts knocking at
their door.
At that point, Haitani realizes that he already knows how this battle
is going to end.
The only thing waiting for them is their inevitable, inexorable defeat.
"Start evacuating the civilians."
"But Commander, if we do that—"
"All we can do now is buy time for them."
"You're saying we're abandoning the base?!"
"That's exactly what I'm saying." Haitani has the eyes of a man who's
already made his peace. "But we're not fighting so we can throw our
lives away. We're fighting so that we can save as many others as we
can."
"Commander..."
"I'm splitting the knight order into two groups. One group will be
evacuating the civilians through the emergency tunnels. The other
will stay here and buy them time."
"Y-yes, sir."
"You—you're in charge of the evacuation efforts. Remember, their
lives are in your hands."
Haitani hates futility.
In his eyes, fighting futile battles and losing lives for nothing is a
colossal waste.
If there's meaning in the fight, though, he's more than willing to put
his life on the line.
Page | 294
Haitani is determined to fight until his dying breath if it means buying
a single second more for the evacuating civilians.
However, even that determination can shatter under the weight of
true despair.
That despair comes in the form of a roar that sounds like a
thunderclap.
The terrible cry reverberates through everything, demanding the
attention of all present.
Once it has it, the fearsome beast with its massive amounts of mana
appears.
One stock-still knight's choked comment echoes across the
battlefield. "I-it's the Brute..."
The beast's overgrown crimson claws and fangs stand stark against
the darkness.
It inspires instinctual terror in any who behold it, like a demon
straight out of the world of stories.
The Brute leaps too quickly for those awed by it to follow and swings
its mighty claws.
The blow it inflicts is despair incarnate.
"What...?! The wall—!"
With but a single attack, the Brute's claws carve deep fissures into
the university's bulwark.
If that wall goes down, the base will be defenseless. They'll get
overrun in seconds.
They can picture it already.
Another claw strike cleaves through the night.
"N-noooo!"
Page | 295
The shout is powerless to stop the Brute.
It should be, anyhow.
Yet the Brute's crimson claw freezes unnaturally in midair.
Is it heeding that desperate cry?
No, of course not.
At long last, the knights notice the obsidian blade that the Brute is
impaled on.
It's piercing the massive beast through from behind. Dark blood
trickles down its tip.
A roar of agony erupts from the Brute's mouth.
Then, slowly...
...its massive frame rises into the air.
Slowly—ever so slowly—the blade hoists the Brute aloft.
The beast has been reduced to nothing more than a helpless
sacrifice.
Then, under the moon's light, the obsidian blade flips over.
A moment later, the Brute splits in two. A torrent of black blood
spills forth.
There, underneath it, stands the man holding the sword.
"I-it's him...the Black Knight! The Black Knight is here!"
"H-he killed the Brute in a single blow!"
The quivering voices grow into an ever-expanding stir.
"I-is he here to help us...?"
The Black Knight holds his sword horizontally and squares off against
the slavering horde of beasts.
Page | 296
Everyone falls silent again.
The knights' eyes are fixed on the Black Knight's each and every
move.
They can tell that something is about to happen.
They don't know what yet.
However, they can tell from the way the air curls around the Black
Knight that it's going to defy belief.
Nobody so much as twitches.
The only thing moving is the air.
Light—fathomless specks of light—gather around the Black Knight's
sword as he continues holding it level with the ground.
The light then swirls, spiraling in a bluish-purple glow as it converges
at the blade's tip.
A new bluish-purple sword extends forth.
It stretches across the ground, all the way to the horizon.
It seems to practically go on forever.
The Black Knight stoops low and draws the sword back.
His voice rumbles like it's coming from the depths of the abyss as it
echoes all through the area.
***
A tremendous amount of mana gathers on the blade—
***
—and the blade cleaves forth.
A flash of light bisects the night, shredding through all who stand
within it.
Page | 297
In its wake, a bluish-purple afterglow drifts by and illuminates
everything the sword sliced through.
Everything as far as the eye can see lies slain.
All of it—beasts, trees, and buildings alike—now has a perfect
horizonal line cut through it.
"This isn't possible... It shouldn't be possible..."
It's like God himself has come and divided the world into tops and
bottoms. The onlooking knights are completely overwhelmed at the
unbelievable gravity of what they've just witnessed.
"Who...? What is he...?" Haitani murmurs.
He can't believe that the man who did this, the Black Knight, could
possibly be human.
The Black Knight slowly begins to walk. His dark longcoat flutters in
the night wind.
His boots click loudly against the ground as he advances toward the
base.
"Eep..."
The knights turn and try to flee on reflex alone, and Haitani doesn't
even think of rebuking them.
He, too, knows that resistance is futile.
"...Open the gate," he says.
"A-are you mad, Commander?! Wh-who knows what'll happen if we
let that thing inside?!"
"So? It's not like we have any other options."
"But, Commander..."
Page | 298
"None of us are powerful enough to so much as break his stride, so
we have to gamble on whatever tiny chance we have. He did stop
the stampede, if nothing else."
As Haitani speaks, he descends the wall and opens the gate himself.
The Black Knight walks into the base without even hesitating.
The knights scramble over one another to get out of his way.
Not a single one of them tries to stop him.
The Black Knight keeps going like it's the most natural thing
imaginable.
Everyone present understands one thing—if anyone in the world can
claim to be strong, it's him.
"Hold..."
Haitani tries to speak to him.
However, his voice fails him.
He realizes, faintly, that it's because he's scared.
Finally, he manages to wring out a hoarse shout.
"H-hold on, please... What do you want? Why are you here at
Messiah...?"
He fully expects to be ignored. The Black Knight might not have even
heard him.
To his surprise, though, the Black Knight stops and murmurs softly.
"The time has come. The door of darkness is cast open, and the
world advances to a new field..."
Nobody present understands what he means.
However, his words have a weight to them that they can all
comprehend.
Page | 299
The Black Knight knows everything, no doubt.
He knows why Japan became the way it did. Where the beasts came
from. Everything. He sees the shape the world is yet to take.
Surely that's why they don't understand him.
"Who... Who exactly are you...?" Haitani asks as the Black Knight goes
farther away.
"My name is Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down
shadows."
"You lurk in the darkness...and hunt down shadows..."
Haitani watches him go.
He wonders if the day will ever come when he understands what
Shadow means by that.
My black longcoat flutters as I vanish into the darkness.
It's the perfect exit—it's slow, it's unhurried, and it leaves behind the
impression of absolute power.
"Heh-heh-heh... I nailed that!"
They're probably still trembling in awe at the eminence in shadow
who appeared out of nowhere and obliterated the beasts with
overwhelming force.
Plus, they'll spend ages pondering the mysterious words I left them
with.
"Shadowbrokers never die. They live on forever in the hearts of
those who witness their deeds."
Page | 300
As I stealthily watch my audience from a rooftop, I sense a familiar
presence behind me.
"Beta... You've come," I say, switching back into my Shadow act.
She does her own Shadow Garden act and kneels before me.
"Did come yes. Was am late."
For some reason, she's talking in Japanese.
But why?
"I—I see you've learned Japanese..."
"Yes. Thanks to Lord Shah-dou am many fluent."
That's not exactly what I'd call fluent, but she's clearly competent
enough to make herself understood.
That weird, choppy grammar of hers sort of reminds me of someone,
but I can't put my finger on who.
None of my acquaintances immediately come to mind, though, so it's
probably not that important.
But I gotta say, I wasn't expecting Beta to learn Japanese nearly this
fast.
"Anyway...what's in the bag?"
She's carrying a huge bag made of slime on her back.
It looks sort of like Santa Claus lugging around his big sack of
presents.
"I gathered the you-know-whats. Now we am be stronger."
"The you-know-whats...?"
Pretty sure I don't know any whats, but I guess she's just doing our
standard routine.
Page | 301
"Many knowledge. Like you am said long ago, Lord Shah-dou. All
knowledge am have common links. You was right! Sai-fur pattern am
linked! Learned Japanese! Lots of many other links! Knowledge all
connected! It are amazing!"
"Ah, yes. It all makes sense."
That didn't make any sense. All I got from that was that Beta's
Japanese blows.
"And how is the plan proceeding?"
There wasn't actually a plan, but I feel like changing the subject.
We're pretty far off-script at this point, yet Beta does a perfect job
keeping up with my ad-libbing.
"Everything am in place. Did found what we looking for."
"I see... So, everything is in place."
"Door am open. Leader that way."
"I see... So, the enemy leader is that way..."
When I turn my attention in the direction Beta's pointing, I sense a
pair of unusual magical signatures.
She must've gone and found the next big event for me.
You did good, Beta.
A shadowy figure runs down a dark underground tunnel.
They're carrying a severed head, and every so often, they shoot a
worried glance back over their shoulder.
Eventually, they come to a stop in front of a large wheeled suitcase
at the end of the tunnel.
Page | 302
"It's over... It's finally over."
The figure's voice is female.
She retrieves a flashlight and uses its light to open the suitcase.
Inside, there's a sleeping young woman hugging her knees.
The young woman has long black hair and is dressed in a knight order
uniform. It's Akane Nishino.
"This is all your fault. Everything that happened, everything that's
about to happen...it's all because of you," the shadowy woman says
to her.
She sets down the head and pulls something shaped like a syringe
from her pocket.
That's when a new voice echoes through the tunnel.
"Looks like I was right. You were the culprit."
It belongs to a boy.
"Who's there?!"
The shadowed woman whirls back and shines her flashlight toward
where the voice came from.
Its light reveals the boy standing in the darkness. He has black hair
and eyes, and looks utterly unassuming. He's the kind of average
young man you could find just about anywhere.
"Minoru...? How are you here?"
"You probably thought I was dead, didn't you...Dr. Yuuka?"
***
The woman's expression freezes.
Sure enough, she's the base's lab coat–clad physician, Dr. Yuuka.
"I mean, you are the one who gave the order to have me killed."
Page | 303
"...That's right, I am. Clever work, figuring that out."
"I take it you killed the gor...Saejima, too?"
She admits it matter-of-factly. "That's right."
"It was weird, you know. I hadn't done anything to make people
want to attack me. The only explanation that made sense was if you
were the killer."
"I see they didn't finish the job."
"Nope. I'm still alive and kicking. Why'd you do it, Doc?"
Dr. Yuuka smiles coldly. "You want an explanation?"
She pulls a pistol from her lab coat's pocket and points it at Minoru.
"...That the gun you used to kill Saejima?"
"The very same. Killing him was like taking candy from a baby. When
their guards are down, knights are just ordinary people. You can kill
with nothing more than a little...bang."
She pulls the trigger.
A bullet bounces off the ground by Minoru's feet, sending up a little
shower of sparks.
Minoru doesn't so much as twitch, a fact that she regards with some
surprise. "You don't scare easy, do you? Or are you just so scared
you can't even move?"
"Why'd you kill him?"
"He was our inside man. Once we had what we needed, we got rid of
him," she answers with a bewitching smile.
"We?"
"I'm a spy for the Alliance."
"Oh, I see. So, what, you're after the base?"
Page | 304
"That's what the Alliance is after, certainly. But not me." She
clenches her fists. "My goal is revenge."
"What do you mean?"
"Where to start... Do you know who she really is, deep down inside?"
Dr. Yuuka looks down at Akane's sleeping body.
"She's a very bad girl who killed loads and loads of people."
"Huh."
The boy sounds almost nonchalant. Dr. Yuuka's expression harshens.
"You don't believe me. You think I'm lying, don't you?"
"What? No. I'm sure you're—"
"Fine. I'll tell you everything. Let's see how you feel once you know
about the way she slaughtered them."
"I mean, hey, if you want to."
Dr. Yuuka's lips contort as she begins telling her story. Her expression
hasn't softened one bit. "I used to live in Arcadia with my husband.
Things weren't easy, but we were happy. Now, my husband was a
researcher. He studied the Awakened alongside Akira Nishino."
"Okay..."
"One day, their research bore fruit, and they created the first knight
in all of Japan—a girl with black hair and red eyes who they called
the Original Knight."
She stares down at Akane Nishino as she speaks.
That strikes me as odd. "If I remember correctly, I thought I heard
that the Original Knight had golden hair."
"In the beginning, her hair was dark. But Akira Nishino wasn't
satisfied with her power. He began dabbling in forbidden research in
Page | 305
an attempt to make her even stronger. That was what turned her
hair golden."
"Oh, huh..."
"And she became powerful, all right. Eventually, though, that power
grew out of her control. My husband tried over and over to stop
Akira Nishino, but he never could. And that's when it happened."
She hangs her head. Her lips are quivering.
"One day, the Original Knight went on a rampage and massacred the
people of Arcadia. My husband was one of the victims; I held him in
my arms as he died. I followed Akira Nishino and the Original Knight
after that, and when I found them a few years later, do you know
what they were doing? Continuing their research like nothing had
changed. They destroyed Arcadia and killed my husband, and I intend
to make them pay."
She grinds her teeth as she goes on.
"I already put down Akira Nishino. Once I'm through with the
Original Knight, it'll all be over. And in case it wasn't clear enough by
now, she's the Original Knight."
She looks down at the girl cradling her knees in her sleep.
"...Are you going to kill her?"
"Death would be too good for her. After all the horrors she wrought,
now she's trying to forget about what she did. Well, I'm not going to
let her. I'm going to force her to remember everything..."
Dr. Yuuka presses the tip of the syringe against Akane's neck and
glares at Minoru.
"You stay right where you are. Do you know what kinds of
experiments Akira Nishino was performing on this girl? He made the
Original Knight by injecting her with purified beast bodily fluids a tiny
bit at a time. She's a monster with human and beast bits all mixed up
Page | 306
inside her. Now, what do you think will happen...if I inject her with
fluids from the Brute?"
She sticks the syringe in and deposits its payload.
Akane's eyes snap open.
Her slender body convulses, and golden magic begins pouring out of
her.
By the time she's risen to her feet, her hair gleams gold.
"Now this...this is who you really are."
Dr. Yuuka's mouth curls into a cruel smile. Akane turns her glassy
eyes on her.
Akane's face is expressionless, and her eyes are cold and blank.
She casually thrusts her right arm forward.
Her arm moves like it's being drawn to something, then pierces Dr.
Yuuka's heart.
Dr. Yuuka doesn't resist.
Page | 307
Page | 308
Instead, she just slumps forward onto Akane and whispers in her ear.
"...This is my revenge."
She laughs. Her lips are wet with blood.
Then, she crumples at the knees and laughs until the last life fades
from her.
"Ah... Ahh... Ah..."
Akane's eyes swim.
Trembling, she looks down at her arm soaked in red.
"Ahhhh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
She tears at her hair with her bloody hand.
Her screams are tinged with sorrow.
***
Golden particles scatter from her body. They envelop her
surroundings, then explode.
Akane Nishino feels like she's gazing at some sort of distant, far-off
world.
In her heart, however, she knows that it's all happening right in front
of her.
She knows all too well that the sensation of her arm rending flesh
and the sight of Dr. Yuuka collapsing are both terribly real.
Page | 309
She knows, because she remembers having the same thing happen
long ago.
She wonders what, exactly, happened back then.
She wonders how many people she killed.
Recollections flood back right as the feeling in her arm does.
"Ahhhh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The memories are etched deep in her heart. They'll never go away.
She crushed towns, slaughtered people, and destroyed Arcadia, all
because she couldn't control her magic and her urges.
It felt like she was gazing at a distant, far-off world back then, too.
Because of that, she knows what's about to happen.
She can feel her magic starting to run wild.
It hurts.
***
Golden particles swallow her surroundings, then explode.
The black-haired boy gets caught in the blast and goes flying.
"Ah... Ahhh..."
By the time her magic finally settles down, everything in a dome
around her is destroyed.
Rubble lies piled high around her, and she can see the stars through
the newly formed hole above.
The black-haired boy is nowhere to be seen.
Akane stands there petrified.
Yet despite the profound sorrow in her heart, she can't get her
expression to change. That fact hurts, too.
Page | 310
Then, she hears something behind her.
She turns and sees a man in a black longcoat standing atop the
towering debris.
It's the Black Knight.
The moon hangs high at his back as he draws his obsidian blade.
"It's a fine night for severing one's past..."
He raises his sword toward the sky.
A gust of wind blows between the two of them.
"Here I come."
With that, he swoops through the sky.
No...stay back!
Akane's body moves on its own, heedless of her internal screams.
Golden magic wells forth from her entire body. She soars into the air.
The swooping black and soaring gold collide.
And when they do...the gold smashes through the black.
Another person dead by her hands.
Akane looks down at the arm she used to pierce the Black Knight and
feels a wave of something almost like resignation wash over her.
Her arm is covered in a black, sticky liquid.
It's the Black Knight's blood. No, wait...that isn't right.
A voice comes from behind her. "That was my afterimage."
She whirls around and finds the Black Knight standing there as calm
as can be.
She's positive she felt her arm stab the Black Knight through, yet he
doesn't have so much as a scratch on him.
Page | 311
"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Her body rushes forward, determined to hunt the Black Knight.
Midway through her charge, however, she comes to a sudden stop.
She doesn't know when they got there, but there are chains winding
around her arms and legs and restricting her movement.
She thinks back to the black liquid she found on her arm. Did he do
that to set this up?
"Agahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her magic struggles and tries to lash out, and he chides her in a
tranquil tone. "It's no use. None can escape the prison of black
chains."
His boots clop against the ground as he slowly approaches her.
Bluish-purple magic gathers at his black blade.
It's terrible and beautiful to behold.
Akane is stunned speechless.
She realizes then that she's going to die there.
It's all finally going to be over.
Her body rages, but her heart is calm.
He brings his blade down, and Akane's vision floods with bluishpurple light.
As her consciousness starts fading, she hears a familiar voice.
"...From now on, try to stop getting kidnapped so much."
Page | 312
Beta watches through a gap in the rubble as the bluish-purple magic
heals Akane.
"Tee-hee-hee... This am magnificent."
She uses the digital camera in her right hand to capture an image of
her esteemed master, and at the same time, uses her left hand to
write out passages of The Chronicles of Master Shadow. It's quite the
party trick.
"This camera can preserve Lord Shadow's image in all its majestic
glory. Is am like this device were invented just for me."
She wipes away the drool running down her chin before packing up
the camera and her manuscript.
Seeing that her master has reached a good stopping point, she calls
over to him.
"We're all ready to going, my lord."
He calmly turns toward her. "Ah, Beta."
"Are the plan complete?" she asks.
"Huh? Uh, yeah. Sure."
"Very well. Then I starting."
With that, Beta fishes the severed head out of the rubble.
She's already finished analyzing the Black Rose.
"Oh...?"
"I going like this... And like this, probably... All done!"
She tosses the head into the air, imbues her sword with magic, and
uses it to impale the head.
Darkness begins spilling out, forming a growing black hole.
"Ooh... I didn't really follow that, but good work, Beta."
Page | 313
"Y-you're too kind, my lord! It were nothing!"
Beta is so moved by the unexpected compliment, her whole body
trembles before she can stop herself.
"All right, let's get out of here. Like, right now. Chop chop, no time to
waste."
"Yes, sir."
"Here we go, Beta! Geronimo!"
Without hesitating for a moment, her lord leaps directly into the
black hole.
Beta watches him go, but right as she's about to follow his lead, she
realizes something.
"This...willn't fit."
The black sack she's lugging around is packed so tight and full it looks
like a small mountain.
Inside are all the tools and documents she's collected during her
time in Japan.
The plan was to take them all back with her so she could study them,
but there's one problem—the black hole is too small.
It's barely large enough for her to fit through, let alone all her loot.
And to make matters worse, it's slowly but surely starting to shrink.
In a couple minutes, it'll be completely closed.
"Sniff... But I collecteding so much..."
Tears well up in her eyes as she opens her sack and dumps out its
contents.
She begins scouring the pile for anything small enough she can carry
with her by hand.
Page | 314
"This one... Not this one... Definitely not this one... This one maybe
fitting... Hmm?"
Then, all of a sudden, she registers the presence of the young
woman on the ground.
Thanks to the way Beta's master healed her, the young woman's hair
has returned from its previous golden hue back to its original
beautiful shade of black. She's sleeping peacefully on the ground.
"I just getting a good idea."
A wicked smile spreads across Beta's face as she looks down at the
resting woman.
There's only so much she can take with her.
That means she needs to prioritize the most valuable resources and
sources of knowledge she can find.
"The best thing to bringing is a local specimen!"
Beta swaddles the raven-haired woman in slime and packs her in
with a few smaller devices, as well as the digital camera.
"In we going, now."
She stuffs the black bag into the hole, then jumps in after it.
"Shadow is back?"
At the moment, Alpha is listening to a report while in the director's
office of the Mitsugoshi Deluxe Hotel.
The moment she heard about Shadow getting sucked into the Black
Rose, she immediately rushed over to the Oriana Kingdom to take
charge of the damage control operation.
Page | 315
"M-M-M-M-M-Master Shadow is back?!"
Epsilon, who's working beside her, stands up so fast she knocks her
chair over.
"Calm yourself, Epsilon."
"B-but, Alpha..."
"He had some sort of important objective he was carrying out, and
we knew he had the resources for his return close at hand. There
was never any doubt about whether or not he would be back."
"I—I guess you're right. I'm so glad he's safe, though."
"Where is he now?" Alpha asks Victoria, who's standing in front of
the door.
"He's heading for the Midgar Kingdom in quite a hurry."
"Why the rush?"
"He seemed to be concerned about how soon the academy's winter
vacation was ending."
"I see. There might be something important happening there, then.
Something related to the Cult, or perhaps even Diablos..."
"Understood, ma'am. I should note that Zeta is with him."
"Zeta? When did she get back?"
"Unclear, ma'am."
Alpha lets out a small sigh. "That girl has skills, I'll give her that, but
she really does need to report in more often."
"Also, Beta returned as well. She says she brought a number of
interesting things back with her."
"Ah, so they did go in with an objective. Where is she?"
"She's—"
Page | 316
Before Victoria can finish her sentence, the door swings open and a
silver-haired girl comes in.
"I'm back, everyone!"
"Good work out there," Alpha says. "Actually, before I compliment
you, I have to ask—what's that?"
Beta is dragging a large black bag along behind her.
"Let's see," she says and starts proudly pulling out various
electronics. "I have a digital camera, a laptop, a tablet... And they're
all amazing! I mean, we're talking about some revolutionary gadgets
here! All they need is electricity, and they can do all sorts of things!"
Alpha points at the conspicuously human-shaped blob. "That's all
fascinating, but I was actually asking about the one that looks like a
person."
Epsilon nods in agreement.
"This is, um..." Beta pauses and tilts her head in thought.
"A...knowledge...sample? Or rather, a manual, maybe? Something
along those lines."
"I have to say, it looks a lot like a human being."
"Well, I haven't looked into it with any proper rigor, but to be
precise, she's a specimen from the other world—one that I suspect is
nigh indistinguishable from a human."
Beta's pedantic reply earns her a furrowed brow from Alpha. "Well,
make sure you take proper care of her."
"Who, me? I was just going to hand her over to Eta..."
"You found her, so she's your responsibility. Once you start
something, it's important to see it through. And besides, who knows
what Eta would do to her if given free rein?"
Beta hangs her head despondently. "Th-that's a fair point..."
Page | 317
Page | 318
Page | 319
"You can fill me in on all the details later. Write up a report about
everything that happened over there and all the things you brought
back."
"O-of course. I'll get started at once."
"Also, there's something you should know. As far as the situation
with Number 666 goes..."
The Shadow Garden's board of directors meeting continues until late
in the night.
Akane wakes up in a white room.
She feels good. Really good. Her heart is calm, and she can't
remember the last time she woke up feeling so refreshed.
"Where am I...?"
She looks around the room.
At first, she thinks she's in one of the university's labs, but the
equipment here is too primitive for that.
"I can't...I can't read anything."
There's something written on the wall, but she doesn't even
recognize what language it's in.
"What happened to me back there...?"
Akane remembers everything.
Page | 320
She remembers her sins, she remembers accepting death, she
remembers the gentle light and his voice enveloping her at the end—
everything.
Her heart is calm enough now to accept things as they are.
"...I'm so sorry."
The apology is directed at those she wronged.
Dr. Yuuka, the people of Arcadia... All of them died by her hands.
Her brother might have been the one who started it all, but the way
she sees it, it was her own weakness that exacerbated the damage.
She's wanted to come to terms with the past for so long, but she's
never had the strength to do so.
Now, however, she does.
"That was you, Minoru...wasn't it?"
His was the voice she heard. She's sure of it.
"I know you survived. You never change, do you...?"
A single tear trickles down from the corner of her eye.
If he's still alive, then she can be strong.
"Wait for me, Minoru. I...I killed a lot of people, but I'm going to save
so many more. So please, just wait for me to finish atoning..."
And with that, golden particles begin drifting around her.